likes the sound of thunder.
is so sleepy it's not even funny that's she can't get to sleep.
is sore and wants the knot of muscles at the base of her neck to stop hurting. On the other hand, YAY I'M IN ILLINOIS! <3
likes how the day sounds in this new song.
is home. <3
www.thejokerblogs.com
saw a nun zombie, and liked it. Also, *PROPNAME* + Tentacle!Man + Psychic Powers = GREAT Party.
is in Kentucky. 421 miles into her 1100 mile journey home.
was about to finish a digital painting before her tablet went haywire. Is now contemplating the many ways she wishes to exact her revenge on faulty technology.
is celebrating her new haircut by listening to swinger music and generally looking like a doofus.
has a crush on the Green Lantern.
has magic on the brain.
saw Transformers, Up, and Year One this week. Good movie overload. :D
Who wants to meet up on schedule pick-up day at Oviedo?
desires the thrill of inspiration. Also, money.
is going to bed at 9:30! Yeah!
is reading, admiring her permit, and occasionally glancing at her ner McDonald's uniform.
thinks intangibility should be an option in reality settings.
is tired. *PROPNAME*, let me go to sleep pl0x.
is discovering the many flavors of insomnia.
is watching cousin play computer game on televison box thing. Also, sleepy.
Why is it I'm only getting the urge to draw when I have stuff to do for school? D
Who'da thought a single text message could be enough to change my mind?
wishes to develop a super power that prevents her from needing to sleep.
TELL ME WHAT TO DRAW, PLOX.
found a bunny, bunny died, buried bunny, now is drawing.
<3
is just about insane by now.
wants to sleep eight hours tonight. And so she shall.
really hates hormones and emotions right now. Well, has hated them a lot recently. Goodness.
has a watch that matches her glasses. She wishes she hadn't spazzed with glee when she saw it in the store.
loved 9! Allegory, symbolism, talking ragdolls, satire, and explosions! Yes!
can't sit on her futon because she knows as soon as she does she'll lie down and pass out. Uncomfortable rolly desk chair it is. :(
should spend less time writing chapters for the story she'll never finish, and try reading more books. Preferably, during the daytime, and not at 3:00 AM.
is watching kid's cartoons and wishing she weren't so old.
has work tomorrow, and hopes they teach her how to use the cash register. :D
is grateful she did most of her work during her wait for a ride home this afternoon and then during the Open House. Sleeeep, she beckons.
has a really confusing internal dilemma. She also wonders if anyone can guess what it is.
thinks she needs to stop leaving so many pictures half-done before getting new ideas.
has grown weary of drawing her paranoid, soldier//housewife Jynx character in comic form, and must thusly go to sleep to replenish her desire to work tirelessly on a mere audition.
is seeing 9 tonight... maybe?
is going to work on comics, then crash into her futon with all the love unconsciousness deserves.
WEEKEND. I LOVE YOU.
is listening to Relient K and thinking about plants, lawyers, and internships.
is drawing instead of homeworking. :| This is fun, but not good.
will sleep like a champion tonight.
dishes, webcomics, laziness, internal lack of disruption. Alright.
wishes she weren't ticklish sometimes. Right now, though, is not one of those times. :)
has a magical ceiling.
went to bed early, slept in, and still feels like she hasn'tgotten a proper night's sleep.
got taught how to use the register (<3!!!~), enjoyed (500) Days of Summer, and is looking forward to going to the beach Monday.
hates FML on principle.
realizes traditional media hate her and has shunned her penvcils in favor of the tablet. That'll learn 'em.
was all prepared to do her weekend homeowrk the morning it was due, but realized she left the necessary binder at school. FFFFFFFFFFFFF-
has early work blargedy-argdey-blah. Minimuuum waaaage, I looove youuu.
Far away // This ship has taken me so far away... Goshdarnit, Muse, stop being so awesome.
is a little excited to see the talent show.
is tired. She would sleep, but there's a cat on her desk that requires supervision.
I don't hate you.// Well, you found me. Congratulations. Was it worth it?// The only thing you've managed to break so far is my heart.// This isn't brave. It's murder.// What did I ever do to you?// You don't care, do you.// Please proceed to Andorid Hell.
needs a stupid, fluffy book to read inbetween experiences of normalcy.
will be up very late so she can ride with her dad to the airport to pick up her mamacita from a (as of now) 11:20 PM landing in from Illinois.
IS IN COMPLETE LOVE WITH THE BLACKBERRY HER MOM JUST SURPRISED HER WITH. AND YES. SHE IS SO EXCITED, THAT CAPS ARE COMPLETELY NECESSARY. <3 <3 <3 <3 <3<3
is looking forward to early January. Not the birthday per se, but the potential to meet a good friend. :)
needs to stop listening to her normal playlist if she wants to stop waking up feeling like she's missed something big.
spews toxic gas into your personal air bubble. It's super effective!
has a comfortably comfy and mildly oversized cotton jacket from Wal*Mart. Yay, it's so soft. <3 <3 <3
thinks Oviedo play was awesome (as it should be. Sleep, though-- she beckons sweetly with the promise of dreams and pillow-related comfort. Night all.
just made a nucketful of cookies and a bunch of baked fries. :) Yes, I am awesome.
has made more cookies, as well as a bunch of croissants for breakfast and piggies in various blankets for tomorrow afternoon. Despite the late//early hour, this is only further awesomeness.
has a fair idea of how to manage the 2.5 kids cliche... She just needs a very strong gentleman named *PROPNAME* and thriteen wet napkins.
saw Up. Also saw two Chuck Norris movies. FFFFFFFFFFFF- WEIRDEST MIX EVER.
has an Autobot lunchbox, and can therefore die happy now. :) In other news, she has also spent the last three hours on an off reading a webcomic that started in 1999.
, in the post office, with the long-overdue copy of Photoshop for a friend. I win at the game of Clue.
Clakclakclak rawrrrrr mel haxxxxxx RWRRRRRRRR LOLZLOLZLOLZLOLZ IM SO HOOD PUNK STOOPID YO
We are not who you think we are. We are Golden.
I am a lumberjack with a Castro Hat.
The day you wake up and realize you've just slept twelve hours and still want to sleep some more is the day you need to get back on a regular sleeping schedule.
actually doesn't mind coloring with markers as much as she thought. Yay for coloring vividly creepy villainesses! :D
thinks maybe singing along with the radio during most of the eight-hour ride home didn't help her throat//cough//chestcold thingvery much.
drove to a gas station. Number of times sent into a panic behind the wheel: 6. I hate 40 mph zones. D
A Great New Year to everybody. :) <3 Make the best of everything you see, and never let the bad stuff keep you down for long!
has 48 hours to do pretty much all her break work, clean her room, do the dishes, rearrange the furniture in her room, and practive drop spins maybe a dozen more times. XD Why not, right?
is open to requests.
is frankly at a loss as far as her current internal project.
is gonna stay awake all night. Then I should be able to just pass out at 9 PM tomorrow (today).
can't sleep. Remedies?
Why are the people I want to talk to never online when I am?
needs to stop stressing over her personal stuff. Homework beckons with a bejeweled, smirking claw, and I must answer, tethered by iron to the responsibilities of real life.
is in love with her hair today. <3
was right. :) Today was pretty much fantastic, all around.
feels tomorrow will be a busy and very nice day. :)
is in the last day of her two-day mad dash to finish. Can she get all her work done it time???
Is it a problem if my main reason to come to Facebook now is to join groups and become a fan of things?
had a three hour nap this afternoon and can't sleep because of it.
My dogs are so hood.
is on a roll
can't breathe and feels like her insides are clawing their way out through her belly button. I hate pain.
is reflecting on it and is actually very happy she's not in IB right now.
has her class ring in with it's changes! Whoop whoop! <3 :D
KISS. KISS. LICK. <3
is too lazy to put her stuff back in order. Maybe tomorrow.
has a serious crush on *PROPNAME*. <3#SEPARATOR#has bed bugs..... ewwwww!
and mosquito bites
Mondays are the new thursdays- anthony bourdain + *PROPNAME*  = forgetting your financial troubles
is annoyed with herself
is not turning on her cell at the moment, or for the next few days- dont take it personally.
Is trying to figure out everything.....
wants no more friend or exboyfriend drama drama
is out for the count
Its the little things in life- fresh flowers, katie ion, netflix instant movies
is bummed the instant movie didnt pull through
wants to go to paris. anyone care to accompany me?
one minute at a time
Loves avoiding burning a whole in her pocket. Lesportsac purses and DVD overload.
really hates California's economy right now
I lost.....my ex is in a relationship before me
Is having a great day so far, thanks to santa paula noon meetings. and my mom.
is *PROPNAME*'s bestbian
misses the ability to drive
Mi familia de la cuidad de mexico esta aqui! Necesito que practicar mi espanol.
Is wearing red lipstick, watching movies, hot boys, and her mother screech at the family dog..... "random" doesnt even begin to describe this scene
anthony bourdain bliss
Turbo tax tried charging me $140 dollars to process my taxes. my mom did it for free. fuck you turbo tax and thanks mom for saving the day.
is on her way up north to face her judgement
Target is my savior- sandals, dresses and shirts, oh my!
is slightly smitten with the phoenix family. its weird, i know.
is hoping to finally get a break tomorrow!
rhinanna is just getting crazier and crazier. or more stupid.
feels like a bum without legs
Having a job again is weird, but welcome.
is 3 years to go
s electronics are giving out.
is celebrating her 90th day with dieting and work whahooo! not.
is in love with her new black peacoat. Who else is pumped it's fall?
is sick in an way she's never been physically sick before. feels like a hangover mixed with the flu mixed with weakness and nausea
hates the business that is the United States' healthcare system
thinks Rhianna's Italian Vogue photoshoot is in bad taste and inappropriate. yuck.
is excited for NBC thursdays- especially excited for community
is in love with *PROPNAME*.
"La Vie En Rose"- there are no words. Absolutely brilliant, honest, and beautiful movie.
is flashing lights kanye style
i got a break! a $3000 healthcare break! whoooooo
is actually going to see someone besides my mother on my day off. No offense mom. U r fabulous but im turning into a 13-year-old not-out-of-the-closet-yet gay man by the amount of time i spend with you.
ARGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!
true blood is getting me in the halloween spirit. damn, bill is hot.
michael scott dancing in the booze cruise episode is really entertaining to me right now.
the office, cleaning, and hanging con mi madre are my drugs of choice this evening
RIP Prague nights Fall semester 2007
needs a hot hair cut. anyone know where i can get a fierce one for under 50 in vc?
wants to know when she became a single 35-year-old lady. Tonight I visited a dating site and watched "accidentally on purpose" and felt for the characters. seriously?!
is ready for her day off
life is looking up
is excited to kick it old school with an old friend in a new place
why does netflix need me to have at least 6 dvds in my queue? i think 5 is quite enough, thank you gluttonous 'merica.
is rediscovering her love for bjork
money, teeth cleaning, g-ma's, bus, top secret errand, target, rodarte dress for $40(!!!), some warm and comfy- themed xmas shopping, spending time with mom, coffee, sephora.com, the office, stepping outside and forgetting how cold it gets without proper coverage- productive and selfindulgent bliss. not a bad day off.
wants to find a way to san fran after the new year
is in love. With *PROPNAME*.
is going to start using disposable cameras again- she agrees with stephanie that the anticipation of not knowing what will show up is very missed
thank you to everyone who sent me fb love and made my birthday more special than i could ever have imagined. im sooooooo lucky to have so many great souls in my life.
is very excite for today and this weekend.
its a beautiful fall day in southern california.
s g-ma is the coolest
wishes she was moving on up in the world. but at least she has ja'mie to get her through it.
Today is my 2 month birthday!
intervention- heroine and xanax and crack- oh my.
is having a bad day. not even target, shoes, nor a good guacamole carls jr. burger could bring me up.
summer heights high. ja'mie, jonah, and mr. g. im hooked on chris lilley.
Um, amy poehler is rocking my world right now. seriously, the bad date rant was HYSTERICAL. tivo that shit. and by that shit, i mean parks and recreation.
Ten Movies to Watch Right Now (and some you can Instant Netflix) 1. La Vie En Rose 2. Shrink (if you love LA) 3. Paris Je'taime (if you love Paris) 3. Clay Pidgeons (*PROPNAME* is priceless) 4. Quills 5. Away We Go 6. Sunshine Cleaning 7. A League of Their Own 8. Smart People (I Heart *PROPNAME*'s Page and SJP) 9. Frost//Nixon 10. Doubt#SEPARATOR#is stuck on Band-Aid brand, cuz Band-Aid's stuck on me!
Just going to grab some raw fish................
saw HP6... funny, lots of awesome awkward silences, but the scriptwriter needs to have his fingers broken. Not only did they achieve new and improved levels of editing important plot elements out, but they are getting increasingly more creative with the n
Need to re-learn my patterns again... awesome...
FREE SLURPEE DAY!!!
has GOT to stop waking up at 1pm...
is not feeling exactly top-notch...
will have too many notifications at the next log in...
First day of school done! finances are going to be the end of me...
is tired and for some reason is looking forward to classes starting...
2 months of hell yet again... FML
got to play with fire in front of a crowd... YAY!!!
is in love with Ren Fest...
3 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a great day!!!
loves the Pirate English version of Facebook!!!
has a choice...
2 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ren Fest with rain - Still good!!!
kindly thanks everyone who wished him a happy birthday!
finance class :(
GETS TO SLEEP TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!
3 HOURS LEFT!!!!!!!!!!
As much as I like our family's mechanic, I really wish we'd stop giving him so much business... :(
is dying!!! HEEEEELPPPPP!!!!!
Saturday was easily one of the best days of my entire LIFE!!!
feeling slightly better...
I've done it - i procrastinated enough by playing Bejeweled Blitz to cause it to go offline. MLIA
is potentially going to be pulling an all-nighter. feel free to txt to keep me entertained//awake...
:))))))))
finally caught up on sleep :D now off to rake more leaves and then lose sleep yet again while studying accounting - call me if ur bored, i'll be up late...
ATTENTION EVERYONE!!! Vote for the short "AFTER HOURS" to support *PROPNAME* - our local Michigan talent and a wonderful person. Repost please!!! http:////www.thirteen.org//sites//reel13//category//vote//
is looking forward to eating his body weight tomorrow :)
Yesterday after school, I got bored and decided to go into the backyard and play with my slingshot. I didn't have any ammo, so I just used peanuts and shot them at trees. I decided to shoot at one really far away. Out of nowhere, a squirrel leaped out of a tree, intercepted the peanut, landed on another tree, ate the peanut, gave me what looked like a thumbs-up, and ran away. Ninja squirrel, you amaze me. MLIA.
would love to sleep, but *PROPNAME* writes too damn well!!!
is rather looking forward to the holidays because of his potential whereabouts during that...
gets overly excited when pressing the wrong buttons on the keyboard causes the discovery of a new shortcut :)
considers himself to be one of the luckiest men EVER!!! ^_^
WOW!!! I just spent 20 minutes reading just this one strip... http:////xkcd.com//657//
can't handle reading any more crap about Barbies and other competing brand dolls!!! This is ridiculous - the only thing making me feel a little more manly is the beer in my hand...
acquired 6 brothers and sisters today...
4 school days left until winter break!!! YAY!!!
will probably be up all night - feel free to txt or chat...
LMAO: (512): you kept spraying the cat with water and then telling it to "man up" when it cried
listening to some VERY odd combinations of music and blames the late hour for it...
wishes it was December 17th sooner :(
cannot wait to pass out - too bad that's not gonna happen til friday night...
gonna be at the library til late, then at the Prez's house even later. txt or facebook if need anything - call if being killed...
well.... expected returns are like "oh, it's just you..." but unexpected returns are like "WHOA!!!"
can't believe how much food and beverages were consumed last night...
SNOW!!!
stupid people are stupid and Beverly Hills Police is at it's best as usual... ( *PROPNAME* needs to call me!!!)
EPIC:  Today while walking on campus I saw three people riding a motorized couch.  Random?  MLIA.
is excited for relaxing a little bit tonight :)
got home today. Up north was GREAT!!!
can't wait til thursday... <3
Happy New Year, Facebook denizens!!!
apparently the mysterious "*PROPNAME*", who allegedly works for my company decided to order more stuff for me from some office supply company. I'm supposed to get 4 more packages tomorrow... hmmmm.... i almost have enough to build an epic fort!!!
MLIG!!!
can't wait til thursday again... <3
being fancy is fun...
OMG!!! THE SUN IS TOOOO LOUD!!!!!!!!
second half of the day got snowed in - gonna take a nap and then be productive :)
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for? p.s. Thank you to everyone who could make it out to Novi to watch me test or to celebrate at the banquet afterward - it really means a lot to me.
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for?#SEPARATOR#Back from vacation and tired
Its a good night for fishing.
Damn close game on Monday. My Dolphins almost pulled it off!
It was a close one! But a W is a W, GO DOLPHINS!
Sick as shit.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!! Thank a veteran dammit!
How about thems steelers?
Done with Finals
Passed the PRAXIS
Nicel little test for *PROPNAME*!! Way to show them *PROPNAME* how to play PRO football!!#SEPARATOR#had a great day at church...
so not a day for work... good thing I'm working nights this week... :D
transformers watched....
is living life one day at a time
just watched an episode of locked up abroad... dont take your freedom for granted people... its a blessing...
is going to die to self
is happy for his gf. Congrats babe, I knew you could do it!!
In contemplation mode...
Jesus said to love others as you love yourself... So FIRST you have to love yourself!!
is trying to fight it off
is doing to die to self...
had a great weekend with her... we have to do that again babe...
is kinda having a rough morning... but its looking up...
is worn and battle weary... but i refuse to give up...
Today is another day. You dont get better by making a right choice once. You get better by making the right choice... everyday... over and over again...
is learning... constantly
first time in a long time... I feel like writing...
is at an interesting stage in his life...
is sick.
is...
is etching closer to becoming stir crazy..
is back home... sleepy but cant sleep just yet...
needs to tie up loose ends...
is going to sleep... soon
has had an interesting start to saturday
is transitioning
had a great night
is going to spend some time with her...
has tied up one loose end... feels lighter already
is still patiently waiting for 9
bye fb
is sick
After a slight rebuild... Betsy 2.0 lives to surf the net again!!
Merry Christmas people!!!
feels loved and appreciated...
had a wonderful night with family and friends... the night cap was wonderful though... WEEEEE!! I got my shirt!!!
is celebrating with her...
Celebrating 1 year...
is smiling
There can be no complaints from the Arsenal fans about today's results... wunna get wash off...#SEPARATOR#I have no excuses, least of all for God.  Like all tyrants, he is not worthy of the spit you would waste on negotiations.  The deal we have is infinitely simpler--i don't call him to account, and he extends me the same courtesy...
Back
Rip open the diseased heart of a corporation and what spills out? -On people
You're wicked overseer
"Keep government away from my medicare!"  As good a summary of American politics as one is likely to get these days.
Turn your lamp down low.
HOLY. FUCK. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=yPJgZd7fRPs
"What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?" "Dr. Dre?" "Fuck you, Carl."
"We operate by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate."
The only fear I have, Is my failure to adhear his path
That, ladies and gentlemen, was a season opener.
Things that are irritating: Microsoft excel.
The best way to describe *PROPNAME* is as an IRL troll.
Record so hard it broke the needle.
Even when it's free it ain't cheap.
"I find it absolutely appalling that anyone could believe that political affiliation would be used to determine who receives medical treatment. That's what race and socioeconomic standing are for."
Thanks folks.
What the fuck, Steelers?
In other news, the Steelers 4th quarter is the most depressing thing of all time.
Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of congress. But I repeat myself.
Bush was a symptom, not a cause.
The bridge is over?
Fuckin' *PROPNAME*
Speech is my hammer
[The "liberal media"] love to be denounced from the right, and the right loves to denounce them, because that makes them look like courageous defenders of freedom and independence while, in fact, they are imposing all of the presuppositions of the propaganda system.-Chomsky
Stop the violence and start the revolution-Talib
When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint.  When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.-*PROPNAME*
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
What I didn't want: more characters on Heroes.
And until peoples learn to spot the fanning of mass emotions and the sowing of bitterness, suspicion, and intolerance as crimes in themselves - as perhaps the greatest disservice that can be done to the cause of popular government - this sort of thing will continue to occur.
Thank you, *PROPNAME*, for still being on the ballot so that stupid people could vote for you.
"How impious is the title of sacred majesty applied to a worm, who in the midst of his splendor is crumbling into dust!"-*PROPNAME*.  They don't make writers like they used to.
"Fuck you, dolphin!"
YANKEES WOOOO
"Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants
Steelers!
"Britain's desire to be a big player on the world stage has delivered huge benefits including being dragged into a series of catastrophic wars with America's throbbing tumescence lodged firmly at the back of our throat, while at the same time being unable to afford decent roads, railways, schools and hospitals. It's what we call a 'win-win'."
My fucking computer got a virus.  Incredible.
I have to quit drinking diet coke.  Much sadness and headaches.
All aboard the U.S.S. Rational Basis.
Restoration! or, why LTS is incredible.
Why do you insist that the human genetic code is "sacred" or "taboo"? It is a chemical process and nothing more. For that matter -we- are chemical processes and nothing more. If you deny yourself a useful tool simply because it reminds you uncomfortably of your mortality, you have uselessly and pointlessly crippled yourself. Chairman *PROPNAME*, "Looking God in the Eye"
Spit so hard that it oughta be a crime
Spit it so hard it oughta be a crime.
Fucking *PROPNAME*.
The mind of a child is where the revolution begins.
Kansas City Chiefs over Pittsburgh Steelers, 27-24.  Disgrace.
I found my actual WEP key!!!!
Classes over!  Home in a week.
FUCK. YES.
"We're supposed to call it H1N1." "I refuse to back down to pig farmers.  Not today, not ever."
Kill them all.  God will recognize his own.-*PROPNAME*
Face the facts. Then act on them. It's the only mantra I know, the only doctrine I have to offer you, and it's harder than you'd think, because I swear humans seem hardwired to do anything but. Face the facts. Don't pray, don't wish, don't buy into centuries-old dogma and dead rhetoric. Don't give in to your conditioning or your visions or your fucked-up sense of... whatever. FACE THE FACTS. THEN act.
Stability means we run it. There are countries that are very stable. Cuba is stable, but that’s not called stability.
Avatar: Best Picture
WOW New Orleans.
Now bamboo thinks it's wood, and that pisses me off.
I PASSED STATS MOTHERFUCKER!!!!
Hey, it actually is December.
And then, I got food poisoning.
Show me a completely smooth operation and I'll show you a cover up. Real boats rock. -*PROPNAME*
If I see another king, I think I shall bite him.-*PROPNAME*.
Rule of the Great:    When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep thoughts, they are probably thinking about lunch.
"We rule by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate."
"Libertarianism is just anarchism for rich people."
Progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things.-Heinlein
"No one lets charms in the vehicle in the entire United States Marine Corps."
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*.
I didn't know this, but *PROPNAME* is apparently a Hebrew name that means "The Lord Remembers," which is basically incredible.
LET'S GO LIONS
*PROPNAME* was ejected from the New York State Senate, which is good, because he slashed his girlfriend with a knife.
Good work, Golden Globes.
It's the prophet versus them profits all the time.#SEPARATOR#Four day camping trip!!! Holy Crap! this is going to be fun...
How do i change my name??
things just got really complicated
Im back and sunburned bad... ill just have to live with it i guess.
bored to tears... well not literally but... im still bored!
Whats on MY mind........ well hopefully the top of my head.....
happy fourth everyone
is still doing nothing all summer
The first day of school was SSLOOOOOWW...... hopefuly it will get better as the year gos on
FOOTBALL!!!!! first scrimmage today! its gonna be awesome!!!
I think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running and even better if the get tired first!
I think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running... and its even better if they get tired first!
What can one do when one is bored?
Can't wait for fair bowl!
We won 35 to 34! Close but still a win!!!
Haha! You can't say im a bored person all the time..... i had a great weekend!
Im so boreded again.......
having fun at school....... hmmm....... nvm
its snowing this morning........                  is that supposed to happen??
Can't wait for friday! (football game)
liked the greenhand conference and enjoyed watching volleyball woop butt today.....
Im so bored!!!
is awesomely cool!!!
Homecoming was awesome! i loved getting that tackle!! i wanna play again.....
im so bored today..... im always bored... i dont know why... hmmm
How do I change my FACEBOOK user name
Cant wait for Friday!
there were some scary people today... *whispers (opposite sex day)*
What a great life i have... first my nose... now my fricken hand!
UGH! another game lost..... We need to work as a team!
Basketball is fun but we've lost two games and won two
lost another game... but Dang!! was it close
new status time... now what should i put... oh well
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x This should be interesting.
AH! i hate being sick..... now i have to go to school tomorrow..... (hate that to)
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x This should be interesting.
Dragons ignored human names when they didnt't like the bearer.#SEPARATOR#fie! Time, Inc. has blocked gchat... does this mean I have to be productive now?
is in search of the perfect margarita... :)
I was sitting at LaGuardia, wondering why my flight was delayed, and then I saw on the TV that there had been a bomb threat and evacuation earlier today... lucky meeee
do i have to take out my nose ring and join the corporate world?
just spent the last hour looking at photos from junior abroad in london, and is dying to go back
hmmm i better not fail my pass//fail...
is struggling :( :( :( :( :(
ewww 33" of snow... apparently the most at one time since 1969!
LAW SCHOOL IS TOO HARD!
thanks everyone, but i decided to get younger this year... :)#SEPARATOR#is at work! >.<
hopes that transformers isn't sold out!
is going to the mellow mushroom after work at 8.
must be insane for starting a twitter account
Hates *PROPNAME* for starting her on this damn farm town app.  You all must stert playing now and give me gifts! And mafia wars too. FML I'm a loser.
la la la la!
Hello, to high and dry.
is in the Bluff!
loves the gorilla face!
This is my face Covered in freckles With the occasional spot and some veins This is my body Covered in skin And not all of it you can see And, this, is my mind It goes over and over The same old lines And, this, is my brain It's torturous analytical thoug
*PROPNAME* comes back tonight!!! YAAAAAYYYY!!!!!!
is ready for school to start back... summer sucks when you aren't actually on vacation
realizes that she has friends on Facebook that she doesn't remember how she met... is that wrong? Discuss:
is reading Master and Fool, the convoluted finally to The Book of Words trillogy, in between playing stupid facebook apps... Such a Nerd. >.<
is creating a LinkedIn account, as if she didn't already have too many networking accounts to keep track of!
I, I'm thinking it's a sign That the freckles in our eyes Are mirror images, and when we kiss They're perfectly aligned And I have to speculate That God himself did make Us into corresponding shapes Like puzzle pieces from the clay
is at work... yay.
thinks she will keep this as her profile pic until those tan lines fade, if that ever happens.
is stressed... but has great tickets for the game! row 1 baby! Woot!
got a jersy from *PROPNAME*, a clean car from her mother, and a free portfolio from her sister! Not too shabby for the unexciting 22nd birthday. :D Thank you everyone!
dealing with crazy people all day... A&A ppl: don't forget the lecture tonight! Not sure what it is about though... :P
>.<
absolutely hates AutoCAD.  Why am I still in architecture?
Come on UT: We need a touchdown!
is blah blah blah....but... TGIF!!! Happy weekend everyone!!!
GODDAMNIT!!!! FUCK YOU LINCOLN!!! Kick HIGHER! And the guy took off his helmit! We should have had a re-kick! What BS is this? AAAARRRRG!!!!!!
I just realized that the song "All I wanna do is make love to you" by Heart is about a woman picking up a stranger and seducing him in order to get a child... Wha?
GAAAARRRG!!!
would like to bash her head against a concrete wall.
will be in knoxville for break. >.<'
a
will post some Halloween pictures... eventually.
has come to the realization that I hate Architecture. Hate it. Integrations is the worst experience ever. I'll be happy passing with a C.
hopes to have her drawings finished in exactly one week from now... let's see how THAT works out...
...?
is inactive.
is upset.  *PROPNAME* ditched our appointment I made, after I waited in the office for about an hour, and now I'll probably never get to talk to her.  I wish she'd actually do her job in stead of taking 5 hour lunch breaks then leaving early.... Bitch.
is hungry.
needs to suck it up.
Due to a lack of anyone being interested in my life updates, I will write here and delude myself that someone wiill read it later and actually care...  Got a new phone yesterday: a Palm treo.  Had to pay $30 a mo extra to use it, but now I'll be able to use the interwebz while in White Bluff.  30 dollars is a fair price to put on cabin fever prevention. Maybe I should Tweet this too. :P
*PROPNAME* made it up to me today... after I waited for her for a half hour past our appointment time. Sheesh. But *PROPNAME* was awesome enough to let me have some hot chocolate :)
is in Knoxilla for a few days. Trying to get this Germany thing settled. Still. Garg!
just got skype. name: ljacocke#SEPARATOR#On her way to NOLA!
Studying is cramping my style...
Everyone should listen to Funhouse...best record I've heard in a long time!
Wishing the lovely *PROPNAME* a Happy Birthday!
Will be working for OCB two months from now! I cannot wait!
Cannot believe the court is allowing the press to publish photos of MJ's kids....
moving back to NOLA on the first...so little time
Wishing all of her friend the best of luck on the Louisian Bar Exam!
The Law Graduates Prayer: God...if it's not too much to ask... May I pass the bar?
Excited to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* tonight, run *PROPNAME*, and see the weight fall off my butt!
At Rue
Counting down the days till NOLA!
Had an awesome fourth of July
5 days, until I leave Waco FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally going to get the car washed tomorrow!
Scared of PC III and the bar...
hopin and prayin
Cannot believe it is Wednesday already!
Never getting gas before work again...
Hoping to get out of her driveway.
Cannot wait to see *PROPNAME* today!
It's a hershey's day
WHO 'DAT!
Takes home more from her monthly salary then she realized!
GE = finally recovering...thank you jesus!
working
Gettin ready for tommorrow!
Getting her Bar application together...yes, it's that time of year again!
is going on a deposition, my first real one with OCB!
Most disgusting statistic I've ever heard: AVG NYC Model = 5'10, 110lbs....
Stuyding for the MPRE!
is a busy bee
Had a great time seeing everyone at OCB today!
Excited to see that every stock in her portfolio outperformed market expectations!
Torture= watching *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* stock the pantry 15 minutes after I decide to get serious about this diet...
icky feeling = gone. Back to prancing through the office with a smile, and my usual excessive energy//need for adventure!
a very happy girl!
Rain is ruining my plans...
best boss's lunch ever!
phone = dead
Apparently applied to law school at Depaul today...at least that's what they tell me...
Only 9 more pounds... why won't they go away?
In our personal and professional lives, we are constantly hit with one adversity after the other, most of which we have no control over. But the four things we have total control over is how we react, how we adapt, how we breathe and how we take action.
The only people who are more entertaining then rappers are wannabe rappers. (See *PROPNAME*)
***Attention-Houston area ANIMAL LOVERS! Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. Please re-post.***
Is looking to join junior league of New Orleans, anybody know who to contact?
Thanking everyone for all the birthday love. Now, how 'bout them saints!? I am in need of a place//people to watch with tonight... any takers?
Exact words when renewing DL: Me: Oh no, you can't take my license, It's my 25th b-day. How am I going to get into the bar? DMV: We gonna give you a new one over there Me: But, it won't have my picture and stuff on it.  Dmv:  Hold up, we can take a picture of your picture and put it on a license i think. (yelling at co-worker to see if this can be done) Yup! Me: So, I can go to the bar?! Dmv: (sigh) Yeah girl!
is believing the best in others, because the Dove candy wrapper says so, betch!
Anyone know a good place for me to kennel my dog for thanksgiving// willing to dogsit?
Congratulations to all of my friends, especially *PROPNAME*, who passed the Lousiana bar, and for those of you who didn't, I'll be taking Barbri this february...so we can study together like old times!
Thanksgiving!
Rather enjoying her last day as a 24 year old
Enjoying this beautiful Sunday in Audubon park!
Swearing in!
Studying for the bar, please pray for me
bar...
Cheese fries!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Getting ready for NYC
Happy New Year!
Studying for the bar, less then 1 month!
Must find time to go XMAS Shopping...ahhh!
white
Apt = clean.  Now, coffee and Barbri!
Q: Will *PROPNAME* be going to Miami to watch the saints win the superbowl?  A: No, No she will not, she will be parked in her room studying for the bar exam...who's idea was it to move the test up two weeks?  hmmm....hmmmm... fml :(
Seems to be attracting incompetence today...
Going to *PROPNAME* to take down the LA bar and hoping she doesn't become a bad statistic!
Who 'dat!
Geaux Saints!#SEPARATOR#put in work again last night at the Pig N Whistle. Thakns to those who came.  Next week, he should be hosting.
is going to the Dodger game!
thinks it's funny that only his white best friend remembered *PROPNAME*.
is trying to sing King Alpha's song in a strange land.
can give the Dodgers his full attention now that he is marginally satisfied by a Laker victory.
lost his voice cheering for his beloved Dodgers (who won by the way!)!
is watching *PROPNAME* at 3:15am.
believes in the PINEAPPLE EXPRESS
aced a MENSA practice test.
is telling jokes tomorrow night at the Pig N Whistle in Hollywood.  7:30pm.  $10 cover and no drink minimum.  Be effing there or else.
just saw manny be manny
had a good salad for lunch.
is about to lose his mind on account of the Dodgers right now.
would like to hang out with someone today.
will be @ Summerslam!
is ready for the show tomorrow.  Pig N Whistle like usual.
is at it again.
is doin it.
wants you to come to the show tonight...Pig N Whistle...7:30! Jokes.
wants to know How YOU Doin...
is finding it hard to deal and would really just like to not be sober anymore.
survived his first day of work!
wants you to come tomorrow night at 7:30pm to the Downtown Comedy Club and hear these jokes!!
is at the park.
is crunk right now.
loves that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are in negotiations to be guest host on WWE Raw!
bought new jeans.
says hennessey and a dutch.  straight west coastin' son
is happy getthing *PROPNAME* but is begging for Halladay.
is back at it again at the PIG N WHISTLE!!! 7:30pm.  $5 + 1 drink.  Funny shit.  Be there and watch me do my thing.
: District 9 -- Further proof that white people should not be in charge of shit.
did his thang yesterday.  The show was awesome.  Good times and great sets...yay!
is discombobulated, yet motivated
The Trojans are marching upward.  The Sooners have already been stopped.
is fighting that old, familiar feeling.
is so congested somebody might die.
is on twitter now.  follow me @ www.twitter.com//JulesM35.
is doing it yet again: Pig N Whistle...7:30pm...$10 cover + 0 drink minimum....LA-A.   Be there!
wants you to come to his fucking show tonight.  7:30. Pig N Whistle.
wants to see all your asses who are in LA at the Pig N Whistle this Tuesday at 7:30 pm.  6714 Hollywood Blvd. $10. I am HOSTING THE MOTHERFUCKING SHOW.
had a great set tonight.  VIDEO CLIPS TO FOLLOW!
is uploading his shit right now!
bought a new shirt but may not leave his hotel room.
sees further reason that college football needs a playoffs.  fuckin eh.
is taking suggestions for blog post for the new Planet Jules website.  What do y'all want to see//hear?
y'all made it happen.  got the numbers in the triple digits in under 2 days!  the second clip is gonna be up within an hour!!  get at me.
needs thirteen more of you motherfuckers to watch my new video before you get the new jokes.  www.youtube.com//JulesM35
thanks you all for the love so far.  Please keep it up and watch my shit!  i will post part 3 tonight.  put the kids to bed before you watch it.
sees a path for USC to get back into the national title hunt!
will post part 2 of his set after his views are in the triple digits.  y'all don't wanna miss this next bit!
was just time raped.
good sports weekend for Los Angeles.  Word up.
how bout them DODGERS son!
learned something new about how the game is played today.
VIVA LOS DOYERS
is hosting the preshow at the Downtown Comedy Club this Friday, next Friday and next Saturday.  It's ladies' month at the comedy club but you can hear your boy bring them out!
is polishing his set for tonight.
wants you all to come see him tonight at the Downtown Comedy Club.  I'm bringin the ladies up proper!  See you at 8 downtown!
Vicente doin work.  Go Doyers.
would like to meet the man who thought that 8am was an acceptable time to start a meeting on Saturday.  (By meet, I mean shank).
shout out to the Nobel Peace Prize Committee.  Yes we can!
is having eel for lunch.
has one final part of his routine to release.  He will try to get to that sometime tomorrow.  Keep watching the other stuff though!
is trying not to have a Monday on a Tuesday.
saw *PROPNAME* yesterday.  More importantly, he saw a bum scream,  "If you ever touched my sister I'd fuck you up" to *PROPNAME* yesterday.
is at the Underground Comedy Lounge in Downtown LA this Wednesday at 8 and the Downtown comedy Club this Friday and Saturday at 9pm.  See you all there!
wtf is up with the mlb playoffs?  every team that advanced has a ridiculous 9th inning comeback story.  wow!
is taking the PSATs.
is sick of people having good Mondays.  Get the memo people -- you're supposed to be cursing the skies! ...God bless.
neeeeeeds the dodgers to win this series :(
wow, a rainy day in Los Angeles.  I'm sure somewhere a midget feels 6 feet tall.
is at the Inkwell Cafe in the BK tonight tellin jokes.  9pm.  Come out!
loves Phillies.  hates THE Phillies.
will see you all at the Downtown Comedy club tonight at 8pm!
just got to his hotel in New York City!
is off to explore the New School and have breakfast.
and the moment has come.  bottom of the 9th.  who wants to be a hero??
is OVER THE WEATHER IN NEW YORK SHITTY.
is writin'
is way too upset with the damn Dodgers to even really be upset.
is totally into black girls now.
is hosting *PROPNAME*'s Room at the Comic Strip Live this Friday at 6!  Come see me and my superfriends rock the joint and preparty with us!
is on his way to the comic strip right now!
is probably going to have to detox soon.
was ready to run around aimlessly in the City today but the rain is seeing that that doesn't happen.  I am glad to live in Cali more and more on days like this.
people get ready.  there's a change a-coming.
and the day the week ends.
is smelling a 2-0 lead for the boys in blue.  viva los doyers.
and the day he gave *PROPNAME* one more chance.
and the ever-tightening clamps.
is off to *PROPNAME*'s play reading in NoHo.  It's gonna be the shit!
:unplugged, disc 1, track 12.
is going to WRESTLEMANIA.
has nothing left for the world today.
and the rebirth of a cappella?
and the day we were all locked in.
loves the anti-steroids commercials during major league baseball.
thanks all you reliables.  And is therefore uploading part 4!
rafi doin work!  GO DODGERS!
c'mon blue!
has got to find someone in LA who can twist dreads.  Help!
and *PROPNAME*'s Salon Takeover!!
is at the Unerground Comedy Lounge tonight in downtown LA.   8pm.  Come if you can stand to laugh.
is at the Downtown Comedy Club again this Saturday.  New material.  You're all invited.
has only the steelers left until march madness.
enjoyed the show at the DTCC.  Kudos to all who were on it.
andre doin' work
goodbye new york
is on stage three times this week.  All downtown.  Yeah.
is stepping back into the Urban Comedy Experience this Wednesday.  Downtown stand up!
and the day that vacation ended.
finally got his bio up on a comedy club website.  Downtown Comedy Club is the shit!
does anybody want to watch the survivor series with me?
ugh.
is on to something new.
so Tiger Woods was in a car accident today.  Driver was always his least reliable asset.
is grateful.
is going to try not to whoop some ass today.
long live IHOP.
SHEAMUS!
killed tonight!  as soon as the powers that be crack open the door, *PROPNAME* is busting through that mofo!  Thanks for the support.  See you all at the Downtown Comedy Club Friday and Saturday.
enjoyed himself at Wild Wednesdays.  Big ups to Martini and *PROPNAME*.  Let's hope they invite me back.
is off to *PROPNAME*'s wedding!
Jesus, guide me through this day.
and the time he finally took a sick day.
is STFO.
and his normal Monday gloom only heightened.
downtown comedy club tomorrow.  9pm.  be there.
SAT proctor by day//stand-up comic by night.  Come to the Downtown Comedy Club tonight and see me and my friends put in work!
has a date with Mr. Cooper next weekend.
and the line between yin and yang.
is wrapped up in his snuggie.
wishes he were in new york tonight.
needs to find someone to twist his hair and start his dreads.  anyone in the LA area worthy of recommendation?
had the strangest night.  I wonder if tonight can top it.
is really just trying to get through this last hard week of work before winter vacation.
wonders who wants to watch the TLC ppv with him this Sunday.
is trying to figure out the tornado winds outside right now.  This is LA people.  Let us not forget.
has heard *PROPNAME*'s tragic call to keep my shit together and live life properly. Love those you have and avoid drama.
and the Downtown Comedy Club weekend of awesomeness continues tonight at 8.
remembers with gratitude a specific Thanksgiving involving two cool kids from Humboldt County in New Jersey and Massachusetts.  Blessings to all.
thanks god for the thunder f*#k.  it comes in from Vancouver.
is soooo excited for TLC tonight!  Two ladder matches!
could've almost died today.
, candy cane lane, and worlds that collide.
is celebrating Thanksgiving vacation in PHILLIEdelphia.
seriously cannot figure out what the HELL is wrong with my Steelers!  :(
is not participating in society today.  If that is a problem, you are free to leave a message with the receptionist I don't have.
had a great time tonight.  Happy Kwanzaa to all!
reminds all y'all SoCal folk to bring ya asses to the Pig N Whistle tomorrow.   7:30.  I am hosting.  6714 Hollywood Blvd.
is dreaming big.
what the heck is wrong with my teams??
is at the Downtown Comedy Club tonight at 8.  Be there!
wants a Droid but has to wait almost a year for the new every two to kick in.
is standing up to begin the year.  See you all at the Downtown Comedy Club in an hour.  Ready? Go.
STFO
heard that *PROPNAME* is headed back to the WWE temporarily and literally almost peed in his pants with Glee.  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
had another solid show at the DTCC.  Love to *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* (and Mo in her absence) and all my funny buddies who also took the stage.
bought Final Draft and is well on the way.
added something new to the repertoire tonight.
RIP NFL season.
and *PROPNAME* the Hitman Hart are together again at last.
cuts with his right hand and eats with his left.  So, now that he has almost cut off his left index finger, he is finding it slightly challenging to eat his dinner.
needs everyone's BBM info.
got a new blackberry to hold him over until he can get the droid.  not everyone's phone numbers are making the switch.  just saying...
had an awesome time at Summerslam.  Now for the last week before school starts!
now knows that *PROPNAME* in his underwear is not enough to carry a movie for me anymore.  I don't blame the writers as much as I blame the director for not putting him in briefs.
MIKE TYSON IS AWESOME!
has had nightmares about this *PROPNAME*'s defense before.
just saved a white boy's life today.
has begun.
will be downtown for the Urban Comedy Experience tomorrow.  8pm.  Come out and laugh bitches.
and the recurring back issues.
saw the official end of the New England Era.  Amen.
almost sliced his finger to the white meat.  APparently OJ's knife techniques don't work on pepper jack cheese, only on white girls (allegedly).
is holding out hope that the steelers can sneak into the playoffs even though they clearly don't deserve it.
had a solid set tonight at Wild Wednesdays.  Get ready for the long version Friday and Saturday at the Downtown Comedy Club!
and *PROPNAME* are about to get crunked
learned two very important life mantras: 1. Treat others as THEY want to be treated, not as you want to be treated yourself.  2. Fight principles, not opponents.
manny doing work!
had a great set tonight.  I love the Downtown Comedy Club!
is diggin "Who I Am" by *PROPNAME* and the Administration.   It's a surprisingly mature and grown up album and the guitars are insane.
just discovered Wale.  Wow.
is headed to new York City tomorrow!  Gladys's room stand up!  i will see you all on Friday!
is expecting everyone in LA at the Downtown Comedy Club tonight and//or tomorrow night for these jokes, yo.
is coming to New York City in late October.  Shout out to KWeeze and the kids from the Comic Strip!  Get at me.
really thought he lived in Los Angeles but, judging from the HAIL OUTSIDE, he was obviously mistaken.
is officially cool as of today.
now knows that *PROPNAME* in his underwear is not enough to carry a movie for me anymore.  I don't blame the writers as much as I blame the director for not putting him in briefs.
is thus far unimpressed with the commercials.
won a guitar at Six Flags for dominating a 3 point shooting contest!
will do what he has to until he can do what he's destined to.
thinks *PROPNAME* is whack as an annoucer now.
is officially ont he Road to Wrestlemania.#SEPARATOR#wishes teachers only day would last da rest of da week... mayb evn da rest of da year
is totally xcited for da ball 2moz yay!!!!! :D
only 2 more days!!!!!!
does not think its fair we have 2 go back 2 school n friday!
as of yesterday i am officially out of the moon boot!!!!
i hate winter its so frikin cold!!!!!!!!
cnt sleep
its fun 2 lock younger siblings outside wen it cold nd dark... especially wen dey bein anoyin
TRAGEDY!!!!!!!!!!! haha shame laura ive claimed in frnt of evry1!!!!
i love weekends! <3
Barley sugars taste goOd!!!!!!!
chocolate cake smells goOd!!!!!
the harry potter movies jsut continue 2 disappoint me nd yet i neva learn :P
does not know if her english essay is due 2moz or monday...
allen's mackintosh toffee de luxe coconut lollies r goOd!!!!!!!!! <3
has epically failed her english exam nd is epically even a word?
is bored and shud be studying sumting...
loves the sun!!!!! <3
qatapponescons!!!!!!!!
nutella on a spoon tastes gud especially at 1 in da mornin :P
lolz putting ur language on pirate is fun :D
is glad the computer is working again!!!! :D
physics is gay!!!!!
AHHHH!!!! my poor shins :(
im countin down da days till friday!!!!
is bored...
wow glow sticks r soO funky!!!!!
mock exams r makin me insomniatic dat is soO not kool!
mMmMm!!!!! wheatens taste goOd!!!!!! :P
does not enjoy the idea of writing an essay at all :(
is worried about not being able to write an essay on katherine mansfield short stories this friday :s
only one more exam and den im FREE!!!!!!!!...until november...
being sick is not enjoyable...seriously
is glad 2moz is friday
MMMMMMMMM!!!!!!! strawberries and chocolate cake tastes soO goOd!!!!!!!!
IM FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YAY!!!!!!!!! SARAH GOING 2 SKOOL NEXT YEAR!!!!!!!!!!! SPONTANEOUS EXCITEMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
OMFG!!! hus clever idea was it 2 snd our year books in da mail caws myne is freakin ripped in half becaws of da rain i mean seriously da old system was fine!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if it not bloody broken den dnt fix it!!!!!!! stupid bastard >:(
AHHHHHHH!!!!!!! exam 2moz!!!!!! :O
mMmMm!!!!! nutella on a spoon!
can't wait to live at the lake!!! :D
has officially deleted her bebo page
is planning to kill james patterson if he decides 2 kill fang in da next maximum ride book >:|
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!!!! i hope you all have a wonderful day :D <3
is having fun on mystery google lolz :D
yay!!!! its almost christmas :D
wow it's been like a whole year already soO freaky well n e ways happy new years eve!!!!
i hate younger brothers...
the spiders are revolting!!!!!!!!
yay for chocolate ice cream!!!!!!
we want a SHRUBBERY!!!!
YAY!!!! i pased wid M =D
happy christmas eve!!!!! :D
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!!! i love the sound of fireworks :D
white with black polka dots and pink
yay!! im finally goin 2 c avatar :D#SEPARATOR#is leaving tomorrow. wtf.
is wandering about in the Alaskan wilderness like *PROPNAME*.
is in Homer, AK visiting *PROPNAME*!
just went to a bar with my mom and a bunch of other old people in Alaska. wtf?
har mindre enn en måned til Oslo!
bare én uke...
alone in marin...5 more pages, thanks lindow... rudy home in less than 2 days... Oslo 8 days!
TRE UKER TIL OSLO.
is in King Salmon, AK.
just moved into my dorm... which I share w// 4 guys. ??
BARE TO DAGER TIL OSLO!
fem dager.
wants to be back in AK.
just got twilight in norwegian... you can judge me.
come to uglebo tomorrow 2230-2...
having trouble understanding my roommates when they speak Norwegian at 70000 wpm.
gets to see ma and sis tomorrow :)
can't cook
in kailua... 12 dager til norge...
i Bergen
roll on you bearsssss
why is sjur blasting music at 730 am
elsker Oslo.
gets to see lil roady in TRE UKER
jeg mener at jeg har H1N1 i lungene
rudy in oslo tomorrow! :)
hates the norwegian immigration center. also the norwegian embassy in san francisco.
it's really cold out
thanks for the birthday wishes
RUDY I OSLO!
prøver å forsvare Obama til min norsk romkamerat på norsk og det er utrolig vanskelig.
elsker Oslo...
er i Sverige.
back in norway, having successfully avoided being sold into sex slavery.
is quite close to not being an illegal alien in Norway anymore.
come on Bears...
everyone's starin at me feet
er i Stockholm til tirsdag.
er i Stavanger.
no longer the dish washing bitch
RUDY IS COMING AGAIN!!!
jahvid!
har bare tre uker i Norge... :( :(
so much snow!
København
hel dag i biblioteket... fjuck
fjuck x 3.5
Nordea DEATH.
ser på samiske nyheter!!! og skal til en samisk konsert på lørdag! SÁMI
død
RON PAUL FOR NORWAY 2012!!!
motherfucking norwegian bureaucratic bullshit. yet again.
nesten ferdig... :o
is excited to come home but... I don't want to leave Oslo. :(
bruker facebook på SAMISK gahaha
BEARS WIN
ROADY!!!
fjuck
savner Norge...
god jul :D
ONE.
1.5!
kailua
2.5!
så jan thomas!!! hahhahaha
gets to see mama and emmsy in 9 days!
det er samefolkets dag!!! :):)
prøver å lese asbjørnsen og moes samlede eventyr og kan ikke forstå den rare ortografien... og nå føler jeg meg dum
s heart is broken by the Bears. Yet again.
tenker på Norge...
just went to the nordic house in oakland and got biler og kvikk lunsj og solo!!!
narcoleptic#SEPARATOR#Quote from a Christian Fundementalist idiot: "Can you prove your point or are you just going to spout out evidence all day?"
has renamed his iPod: *PROPNAME*
*PROPNAME* Fails.
is quite liking girls aloud
Ahhhhhhh! Raisins!
Toblerone, Darth Vader? And then you stab him.
There's a Flying hooker watching you hug.
What have you got against baboons in Mime?
Big Red Button! http:////www.milaadesign.com//bigred.html
Computers have feelings too. http:////www.collegehumor.com//article:1752773
Only *PROPNAME* can win "THE GAME"
A bag o' weed, A bag o' weed. Oh, everything is Better with a bag o' weed.
is watching LOONEY TUNES!
Sex, Drugs, Rock 'n' Roll and COOKIES!
How many people aren't using their *PROPNAME* Ticket?
What does the mango smoothie taste like? Does it taste like oranges?
is nearly in 40th awake hour.
I have my lip Pierced!
What flavour do your chihuahuas come in?
Napalm is Nature's Toothpaste.
There must ALWAYS be a Clown!
Blonde, Blonde, Blonde, Blonde, BLONDE!
AUUUGHH! MY KINDEYS! THE BUTTERY SHRAPNEL! IT BURNS!
Back from a Frances!
As everyone else is... Any else got Rosemary White as a Tutor?
Dolphins can see the future with perfect clarity. That's why they're always screaming!
BUBBLES!!
Senor Balloony-head sponsors *PROPNAME*!!
I am going to call my kids Ctrl, Alt and Delete. Then if they mess up I will just hit them all at once.
*PROPNAME* can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
5 'A*'s, 5 'A's, 2 'B's. (For people who I haven't talked to yet.)
Vodka-time.
Is converting to pastafarianism. Worship his noodleyness!
is bored as hell, so Interesting people must talk to me.
Sobering up Tonight, from a 2 week drinking spree!
I want *PROPNAME* the Antelope.
Tennis is a fickle sport. No matter how good you are at it, a wall will always be better.
"What the hell is that, *PROPNAME*?" "Dunno. Some kind of Cat Dinosaur."
has a Brilliant plan: Vodka Pie!
"Today, I was thinking about the expression 'revenge is a dish best served cold'. Then I considered that 'revenge is sweet'. I've come to the conclusion that revenge is ice cream. MLIA"
is not drunk, just posessed by a highly retarded ghost.
Bored of blonde. Is now Purple.
When life gives you lemons, you burn them with your homemade flamethrower!
"Hardcore Dancing" - It looks like epileptic kids trying to swim.
http:////notalwaysright.com//when-mood-swings-attack-part-2//522 Last line especially Funny.
Life is like a Grapefruit. It's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and squidgy in the middle. It's got pips inside, too. Oh, and some people have half of one for breakfast.
Fear My Mighty Pigeon Army!!!!
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll fuck you with a rake.
I don't want to die now. I've still got a headache. I don't want to go to heaven with a headache, I'd be all cross and wouldn't enjoy it
AHHHHH, Facebook Fucked up good.
is doing a survey for £5.
The way we were, The chance to save my soul, And my concern is now in vain.  Believe the word, I will unlock my door, And pass the cemetery... gates
"Say one, more word, I double dare you, BRING IT ON! Its my world, you're in it, It'll take you down in a minute. You can alter your look, and diversify your race, but the truth seems like, a bitch slap In Your Face!"
Been Watching Pocoyo. You know you're jealous , Bitches!
Might be going to see Toy Story 3D in lunch tomorrow. XD
Sanity is nothing more than an excuse for being boring.
is Wondering if T-Rexes could Juggles?
It's a Wonderful day, for PIE!
The Eyes! The Red Squirrel Eyes!
is Back from adding a *PROPNAME* to the Cambridge Campus.
been awake for 12 hours now.
Facebook now in 1337.
lol @ "Never Mind The Buttsecks"
"I really can't afford to keep eating out this giraffe!"
Just found a dead wasp in a bottle of conditioner. WHAT THE FUCK!!!
Has Baileys.... Oh yeah!
has some new Airwalks.
has made plans to soak Gummy Beas in Vodka, so they swell up.
http:////explosm.net//comics//1777//
NOM, French Biscuits!
Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.
Has just cooked Some lovely Chicken
"Clubbers in the North of England have taken to using dental syringes to inject Ecstasy directly into their mouths." "This dangerous practice is known as 'E by gum!'"
Whoop! Runshaw Time.
Only a Ginger... can call another Ginger, Ginger!!
mmm.... bloody steak.
Has self-diagnosed with Vestiphobia.
has decided on a new profession: Time-Travelling Porn Star.
Curvy Lip Spike be Funnnn!
Rocky, Rocky, Rocky, NO. Rocky, Tomato, Sheep, GO!
Wants a Christmas Samosa.
Sleeep Tomorrow. Vimto Now.
is on the Viking Offenders Register
His destructive programming is taking effect. He will be irresistibly drawn to large cities, where he will back up sewers, reverse street signs, and steal everyone's left shoe.
For a large part of the 20th Century, Communism tried to destroy Capitalism. Now in the 21st Century, the Capitalists are showing them how it's done!
Has returned from Tesco with Vimto and Blue Curacao!
"What a wonderful cupcake, Pato"
has decided he must get a Penguin tattoo.
loves how Facebook forces everyone to refer to themselves in the Third Person.
wants 3 THIGNS!
Monsters Inc. is ON!
Oh no, Run it's a... BUMBLEBEAR!!!!
Woah. AWESOME PARTY!!!!
Ducks cheat at Poker.
Henry Loves Crusts!
Wine is Umbrella.
Will the various owners of: A silver iPod Mini, a Blue Hoodie, a red scarf and a stick on moustache, please let me know who owns what, so I can return things.
Damn... StumbleUpon has stopped working.
And I haves 3 things...
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don't make sense. Refrigerator.
I HAVE TOES!!!!
And IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII-e-IIIIIIIIIIII will always love Noodles.
What do you call a gun with three barrels?
You can't rub a pig on a Cheese grater, That's Dangerous.
I don’t wanna bike or fishing pole, I just wanna submarine. I’m gonna keep it in a swimming pool, Gonna keep it nice and clean. I don’t want a fucking pogo stick, I just wanna submarine. Fucking pedal car can suck my dick, Where’s my fucking submarine?
Mmm... Fish Fingers.
Anteater Power!!
Fuck. My left arm is alseep. I can't move my it from the wrist down.
Misfits = Guuuuurd.
"Jätkät hei, mä lähen meneen ny ihan oikeesti" "Hei Ankku hei, ennen ku lähet ni kato mitä mä toin sulle" "Ei jumalauta, hyvännäkönen. Siis eiks tää oo siis...." "On on, sixpack, kyllä" "Eihän sun ois tarvinnu hyvä mies, sitä paitsi meill' on noita väkeviä" "Nii nii, mut aamuks!"
is so watching Lilo & Stitch.
is watching insects. Insects are Silly.
loves Jam.
I need some CHEESE!
Mmm... Liquid Kryptonite!
Err:509
has a pile of Beer, many Spirits, and one can of Strongbow.
The Buddhist Hamburger joint: They'll make you one with everything.
What would bacon do?
has just taken apart his speakers to amplify his headphones.
Strange Quarks are strange.
Wants a Lovely Buttery Baked Potato...
has bought stripey Toe socks.
wants a Neon Cactus.
Vimto + Curacao = Black + Tasty!!!
WHO EATS ICE CREAM AT CHRISTMAS?!
Damn Powercuts!!!!
Everyone drank all the beer, all the spirits, But the one can of strongbow still remains!
"Please tell me you don't actually own a cloak", "I Own SEVERAL!"
Satan's Furry JamHats
is a Pastry Whore.
"Hakuna Matata" is Swahili!
There's no Pirate Translation for the Dislike Button!!!
Free Bar on Thursday!!!
Yesterday I discovered that it's almost impossible to tell the difference between a very heavy Scouse accent...        ...and French
http:////www.theonion.com//content//node//67259
PURPLE PENGUIN!!!   ...of death.
FUCK YEAH! *PROPNAME* 'Ass-raped by *PROPNAME*.
is fucking Ill.
has got a Fever. Anyone know the one and only prescption? lol
House to myself... Time for booze...
has a MOTHERFUCKING BLACKLIGHT!!!
& *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* dance on Donkey Sancturies.
XD Black Hair!!!
has Just lost the Game.
Penguins don't have pockets.
"Oh hi
Royal Instiution Christmas Lecture. Trees Are EVIL!
3!!!
MOTHERFUCKING CHRISTMAS!
"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it."
There's a flying hooker watching you hug! Go away hooker...
has now gone BLONDE!
still Covered in Beeeees!
Sic vis pacem, para bellum.
SOOTY PUPPET!
has just watched *PROPNAME* saw *PROPNAME* in half.
I generally dislike *PROPNAME*. I do not find his form of "Comedy" Amusing.
All MY amplifiers go to 12!!!
*PROPNAME* 
It's not premarital sex if no-one will marry you...
Mmm... Damn new fucking children only watching blonde people fuck.
FUck.... Laptop sleeps retaredely slop whjen i'm wasted.
Leprechaun Pikachu!!
OMFG *PROPNAME* is in Elf...
Sand is overrated. It's just tiny, little rocks....
Whooop! Runshaw's Off. To the Sledging...
Those who died are justified, for wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites. You justify those that died by wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
Way runshaw out tomorrow as well.
Fuck you Runshaw, I want to sleep tomorrow.
and *PROPNAME*. Leaders of an Awesome (yet possibly painful) New World Order.
"I'm Covered in Bees!"
I want to reconcile the violence in your heart. I want to recognize your beauty is not just a mask. I want to exorcise the demons from your past. I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart. ?
I was right. Glee has ruined Don't Stop Believin'.
I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.
What? … The Carthaginians are attacking? God, I knew they'd do that. What? … They are attacking over the Alps? Damn, I knew they'd do that. What? … They're coming on elephants? … Where'd they get the elephants? There aren't any elephants in Europe.
is so Fucking Rock, so Goddamn Rock, so Motherfucking Rock!
I Fucking Hate *PROPNAME*...
Where's my Fucking Submarine?!
If you stick with a Rubik's Cube long enough, all the sides end up Red.
If an infinite number of rednecks riding in an infinite number of pickup trucks fire an infinite number of shotgun rounds at an infinite number of highway signs, they will eventually produce all the world's great literary works in Braille
*PROPNAME* skips like a Gay Raptor.
I feel I must concede Defeat on this matter. *PROPNAME* is definately not Short.     (HONEST!)
Some people are like Slinkies. They don't really have a purpose, but they still bring a smile to your face when you push them down the stairs.
has just now watched the first ever Tom & Jerry cartoon. From before they were actually called Tom and Jerry. How very awesome was *PROPNAME*.
My husband's Dead, My Son's a leper. Watch me Tapdance!
XD. Penguin is one of few English words with Welsh Origins, It means White Head.
I quite like my name at the Moment.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
The Silent killers are... Rocket Dinosaurs... In Space.
You Are What You Eat: "I Prefer Cheese & Crackers!"
Absolut Zero: The Freezing Temperature of Vodka.
“What? Beavers are real? I thought they were mythical creatures!”
has just watched The Shawshank Redemption and is about to watch Pulp  Fiction. Excellent Night.
My Haves teh Vimtoooo!!!
*PROPNAME* is Psychic, the Scurvy Curve!
First proper Hangover today: Good start to 2010.
"Cows - The Natural Predators of the Dyslexics"
There's no one like you. I can't wait for the nights with you. I imagine the things we'll do, I just wanna be loved by you. ?
Schoools out for... Winter?
DAMN YOU, JAM!!
The Toughest Decision of my life: Download or Sonisphere?
*PROPNAME* is a sexy Marshmallow Beast.
Parent's Evening + Bomb Scare = Mucho Chaos.
is afraid of getting raped in the woods by a bear in a clown suit.
Woop! Booze Haul...
Meet *PROPNAME*, My imaginary Donkey.
I don't know how they did it, but Tom and Jerry have just managed to make Drowning Kittens in a sack, funny.
"Welcome to your new, simplified home page." How the fuck is it simplified? They've just piled all the shit possible onto to page...
"Ah *PROPNAME*. Big Giant Robot Camels."
"Wait, people weren’t the first mammals?" *pauses* "Oh, no, of course.  The dinosaurs were here before us!"
“What’s ROFLMAO?! Is it ‘Rolling Around With My Fist In My Arse?’”
is Watching *PROPNAME* XY instead of doing the mass of Computing I have to do for tomorrow.
Giraffe
"What's Normal?", "What's Home?", "What are Cows?"
MAN THONG!!
Fuck Yeah! Wales have won, and I quite enjoy the irony of celebrating with scotch.
has Shiny, Greeny-Blue Hair! Fuck Yeah!
Chocolate Fish!
Of all my 80,000,000 ancestors, one of them MUST be Winnie the Pooh.
My mouse is suicidal...
Excellent. All of the new A7X album's Drums will be The *PROPNAME*'s Handiwork.
Mulan... Fuck Yeah! lol#SEPARATOR#NYC on 8//18!!!!!!!!
My skull is way too sexy with his rabbit ears. His name is *PROPNAME* and was named after *PROPNAME* on Grey's Anatomy.
is very happy with her very first scrubs!!! :D
cooking ?? + ????! >?<
only has $6.78 in her bank account. should I sell my skull?
insomnia. help me! (vodka?)
everything isn't always perfect.
today was a failure. impression was bad. exit quiz was bad. everyone, hand me over your vodka.
I wish we don't have our damn necks.
is affraid of not getting married before she turns 35.
is up all night for no reason..
Dear Chicago, what should I do when I miss you so much? :'(
pulling sequential allnighters + having 2am McDonalds + no time for skin care make-ups + can't stop coughing = a sad fat female zombie-like human being named Soo.
got crazy studying for the midterm.
had gummy worms for snack and thought of arteries and veins. oh my freaking god.
someone get me a ticket to chicago please and i'll love you forever and ever and ever.
is coughing like an old lady a day before her death.
is a happy human being :D
is living life fully.
First Snow in the City and I was out in the snow~!!! .........alone.
Is AT&T really that bad in NY? sprint vs. at&t if not getting verizon? :$
is sick.. again.... :'(
i feel like the only reason i'm here is to develop my test taking skills.
insomnia help...! tips anyone?
Thanksgiving in 2 days but I'm more excited about Christmas already! >< ? ............. damn it....
time to explore some fancy restaurants in the city. yumyum + my mom's $$$$$$$.
1 down. 17 more to go then we finally get to sleep more than 4 hours a day.
is in love with veniero's pastry <3 <3 muah muah
partay. for few hours.
O... M.... G.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got old within last few days and will probably get deteriorated by the end of final exams.
someone motivate me to study plz...
1st semester as a D1 is OFFICIALLY DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
will work out at least 3 times a week !!!
is :D !
i need to grow up.
I <3 MY LIFE.
I LOVE ANATOMY VERY MUCH
dear weekly quiz, r u F kidding me?
Err:510
butterflies in my stomach :$
chicago for spring break in early march? should i?
i don't feel like studying this semester AT ALL.#SEPARATOR#for the united fans reading, dont worry be happy 92-93: LWDW. Champions. 95-96: LWWW. Champions. 96-97: WDDD. Champions. 98-99: DDWW. Champions. 00-01: WDDW. Champions 02-03: WDDW. Champions. 07-08: DDLW. Champions. 08-09: DWLD. Champions. 09-10: WL….
just read the mark hughes interview in the mirror, unbelieveable ego to have after 6 games, puts mourinho in the shade
got a job working on the seasfront..love it!
"The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom."
tip for today..never talk to a potential employer when drunk
tony gubba does my nut in
got sick of the crap £5 haircuts so upgraded to the £22 haircut today.still crap.
owen gets the number seven?! you just have to love the balls on ferguson
No time table on life, always follow your heart
any cougars in ross?
Any *PROPNAME* Jokes?
Barcelona, bueno aires, rio de janerio, san diego...cant make up my mind
*PROPNAME* to miss play off....good start to the day 
really looking forward to sunday
being robbed of 3 points is one thing but a world cup? the late seed, a deflection and *PROPNAME* doing a cameo...fuck me its too much
classic reality check from keane
well holy shit i think we could make the world cup yet...
Just watched the *PROPNAME* press conference...3 years in england and he's still using a translator!...explains a lot..dont need brains to have talent
money is a disease
down to 10 men and we're still kicking arse#SEPARATOR#wants to learn how to make French macaroons
is turning into a hermit
is back in the left coast
gets to play asian nanny today!
J'ai ne sais pas
needs sleep...in Baltimore
is in love with the Lincoln Memorial...<3
is looking at old travel pictures...uh oh...
is re-evaluating...again
is cooking chicken adobo tonight!
wants to join the circus or pack parachutes
anyone want to sublease my pretty North Beach studio so I can spend the rest of my life traveling?
has bangs
s landlord brought someone to do work on my apartment and he totally recognized my place from tv...lol, I guess that's more of my 15 minutes...<3
might have to trade in bastille day celebrations for a nice quiet night in my apartment...if anyone wants to hang tonight let me know.
would rather have too many dreams and reach half of them then not enough dreams to reach for.
wonders if it's a better idea to stay home and not celebrate Hemingway's birthday with free absinthe drinks since I think I'm getting sick :(
has the Camino De Santiago on my mind again...the effects of receiving emails from my Spaniard friends.
is a sucker for academics
is sad the wood furniture making class is full...small business, voice, and either beginning principles of fashion design or beginning theatre?
stupid t-mobile commercial being filmed in SF today...totally reminding me how much I miss jumping out of planes.
wants to take a trip through Tunisia, Egypt, Greece, Turkey, Lebanon, Israel, Jordan, Bhutan, Kazakhstan, Xinjiang (China), Mongolia, and end up in Shanghai to see old friends and maybe throw in Hainan for some beachy fun...ok magic travel fairy do your t
Il est difficle de vaincre ses passions, et impossible de les satisfaire.
is becoming sentimental as I work on the notes for my novel..."if you're friends with __ you must either be gorgeous or brilliant and from our conversation I must say it's both."
really wants to take French and Arabic but then I really won't have any free time in the fall
*PROPNAME* of all trades, master of none, though oft times better than master of one!
starting to feel like my old self again
<3's united's frequent flyer miles sale...I have enough miles to fly anywhere except Australia...hmm, where to go?
"runs like a girl, but she runs fast" -thanks Jo :P
I think I'm addicted to buying Chinese stocks...time to look for domestic investments again?
kind of likes getting up early and getting more done in my morning than I would otherwise
turns out I actually am allergic to my work
wonders what can go wrong?
just made vegan cayenne cupcakes filled with salted caramel sauce and drizzled with lavender icing...from scratch!
wants to watch *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* minus the *PROPNAME* portion...what a way to satisfy both the francophile and foodie in me
is excited for the newest movie adaptation of Brave New World!  <3 *PROPNAME*
À coeur vaillant rien d'impossible.
is drunk, thnak god for summer fridays at work
wishes I had a professional kitchen to play in
wishes someone else would take my next profile picture, I feel they're all looking the same now.
You do not merely want to be considered just the best of the best. You want to be considered the only ones who do what you do
wonders how people can be so retarded...either that or I'm just feeling bitchy today
adores my watercolor pencils <3
wishes I was in Spain, this would totally be siesta time
had the yummiest dinner at The House <3
can't keep having Sundays like yesterday...
can't wait to try Commis
went on a 5 hour trek from my apartment in North Beach along the water front, over the Golden Gate Bridge to Marin and back again...needless to say I'm resting tonight
loves how life is fun but oh so drama free. :D
spent all weekend looking for flats but ended up buying three pairs of hot looking heels...I really, really tried this time :(
wonders why Spain keeps calling to me...
needs a new hobby
loving my lunch from carte415
has nightmares about badly made cupcakes
what's with backhanded compliments...twice in one day I was called a diamond in the rough
is flattered
taking this from my brother's status:  If a con is the opposite of pro... does that make congress the opposite of progress?
has travel on my mind
always loves seeing *PROPNAME*!  That girl is getting feisty :)
had a dream last night that I was opening up a shop and booking a last minute trip to shanghai
just booked tickets to New York October 29th thru Nov 3rd, who wants to join me for Halloween in NYC?
wants to make dairy free treats for all my lactose intolerant friends. =)
has been accepted into the cupcake contest for my Bombay Elvis cupcake...oh it's on!
what fun, I ran into an old college friend at my fashion design class!
misses being naive...now I'm jaded and waiting for something to excite me
can't wait to watch, "Coco Before Chanel"
needs a change
over today...should have gone to pastry school after deciding law school wasn't for me
wo ying gai zai xue zhong wen.
can't sleep, feeling creative
*PROPNAME* Race for the Cure
just wants to bake yummy treats, write, learn languages, travel, organize philanthropical events, and debate philosophy over bottles of wine...that is my ideal life.
is tempted to skip my voice class today, go home, and make myself some udon or soon tofu stew
wonders how I keep getting convinced to make cupcakes...making mini vegan version of my bombay elvis cupcakes and trying out a mini red velvet and cream cheese with cabernet some how mixed in...I'll figure it out
no matter how long I've been out of high school I'll always fall victim to the Mission "curse"
had the most surreal day Saturday
just realized, the longer I'm made to wait, the less I want it.
is wondering what is up with all these migraines all of a sudden. :(
made my bombay elvis cupcakes(chocolate curry and banana cupcakes with peanut butter frosting) and chocolate bacon cupcakes
is having yummy food tomorrow instead of voice class...I'll probably pay for this once midterm recitals come around...
is making things happen!
is trying to figure out what song to sing for my final
used to darken my freckles with brown eyeliner when I was in high school
is so fickle
is thinking a trip to Shanghai is long over due...lil' Shanghai is all growns up since I left it!
13.1 miles, it's on!
absolutely adores life :D
sometimes dreams do come true *fingers crossed*
swim then sauna...that's what I call cross training
thinks everyone should have goals...just don't judge me for mine 
bleed through my running shoe...
ran, did hill work, yoga, juiced, made an egg white and spinach omelette, and payed my bills...love getting so much done before work :)
<3's all the lovely, positive people in my life
running in the rain then making my "red wine and cheese pairing" cupcake and working on a business outline
wonders what's causing my recent insomnia...
misses my girl crush...she's just coolness personified
just needs to keep reminding myself it's only for one more month...I so need a relaxing run tonight
is tempted to just disappear into the mountains of Tibet for a while...
gets super happy every time I hear my favorite Christmas song :D
what a day!
is trying to figure out my next travel plans...where, with who, how long, when, etc
is hoping someone has a red dress I can borrow for wednesday
in Baltimore until Thursday.
is just that good...
is creeped out...the owner of a new restaurant by my office offered me lunch and then followed me into Walgreens while I was running errands.
is going to miss my coworkers....drinks tomorrow, 5:30 at 5A5, then karaoke tbd
is excited to have convinced just about everyone in the office to go to happy hour tonight!
wonders why my coworkers always want to drink on my running days...
s Tuesday sucked...but Wednesday is another day.
s coworkers make me laugh soooooo much <3 :D
<3's my friends
wonders why boys never talk to me
is switching back to my 510 phone number and dropping the 415, send me a note if you don't have the number.
gets to play Asian nanny today!!
is looking forward to the weekend
m-u-s-t stop looking at maps...
kids running the office and Santa singing songs...oh it must be close to Christmas!
can't sleep, clowns will eat me (points to anyone who knows the reference)
Merry Christmas my loves!
Delam barat tang shode
is finishing up my last day at work...I'm going to miss my lil' SF AOL family
Tell             me and I'll forget,            show me and I may remember, involve me and I will understand. -- Confucius
has started 2010 very Asian...Hong Kong hair salon, milk tea, and pop corn chicken...love
lunch, STAR Holiday party, UPenn Holiday party, Churchkey Holiday party....oh Thursday, you will kill me
is excited for an old fashion cocktail party tonight, time to pull out my old fave, vodka gimlets, throw on some pearls and channel *PROPNAME* to go with the short hair.
needs a massage and s.l.e.e.p.
is home, but can't relax yet...I swear I'm more busy now than when I was working
running, photo shoot, playing Asian Nanny!
believe in yourself and life and consequently life will believe in you.
you only live once
this whole not really traveling in January was the worst idea ever
opened up a bottle of cava because I wanted a mimosa with my dinner...now I just realized I kind of have to finish the bottle myself...uh oh
is traumatized
can only take so much shopping, drinking, going out to dinners, hanging out,playing with babies, and flying to random cities...hurry up half marathon, as soon as you're over I get to do some real travel...
had everything go wrong for dinner tonight but ended up exactly where I needed to be for yet another job prospect even though I wasn't looking for one.
Live as if you will die tomorrow.  Learn as if you will live forever. http:////www.ted.com//talks//ben_dunlap_talks_about_a_passionate_life.html
died a little bit inside turning down an overland trip from Istanbul to Cairo :....(
is a lady of leisure...
La critique est aisée, mais l'art est difficile.
just turned down a series of paid ads for 944 and a Motocross ad all because I won't be around for February...lol, but what a nice ego boost
running and ramen...what an awesome Tuesday night!
is super stoked to be THAT much closer to getting to volunteer at one of my fave nonprofits in SF!!!!!
yay family day...but it's not even my family
come out to support Haiti tonight either at the Starlight Room or the Independent
rain, tea, and jazz...sounds like a perfect night for writing :)
is enjoying (f)unemployment to the fullest
should really sleep
is wondering if I have enough room in my passport for this trip...do I have enough time to get pages added?
ok I can either spend a day in D.C. 2//17 or stay overnight in LA 2//16...thoughts?
can't wait to see what lectures come out of TED2010 !!
dear life..you rock...love *PROPNAME* dear *PROPNAME*...stop spending me...love your bank account
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name using their search engine. Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment.
got past the biggest hurdle...the trip is on!
loves all my friends, they care if my drunk ass gets home <3
wonders, if we only surround ourselves with good people does that mean we lose the opportunity to understand the negative?
is getting nervous for my first half marathon tomorrow
alright doppleganger, I used to get the most random ones...but I think *PROPNAME* was the only one that made some sense.
<3's my purple tights and movie night :)
is having an off day...C'est la vie...tomorrow is another day :)
really?!
Dear Sunday, you rocked,  love *PROPNAME* :)
earned another freckle or two from running the *PROPNAME* Marathon today!!
Qu'est-ce qu'il y a ?
just booked the rest of my flights!!!  Hellllooooo adventure!!
, if you're going to get sick, do it now...you have exactly one week to recover...
is starting to wonder if I enjoy life TOO much...<3 my friends!!
is *PROPNAME*
has been watching a ton of disney movies instead of getting anything done...on that note, Aladdin is still my favorite in terms of songs and I <3 how all the female characters are so headstrong
packing, packing, packing...trying to fit everything for a month long trip into a tiny carry-on...can I do it?
today: relaxation by the bay, tomorrow: a trip to Jordan for Petra and the Dead Sea...
playing catch up but failing miserably...how come I'm always busier when I'm not working?
sometimes I can't believe this is my life :)...tomorrow I'm exploring my neighborhood, North Beach, anyone want to join me for breakfast at Mama's at Washington Square Park?#SEPARATOR#~ Can You See? My Eyes Are Shining Bright, 'Cause I'm Out Here On The Other Side Of A Jet Black Hotel Mirror ~
~ *PROPNAME*'s swing dancing equals epic. xD
is back.
really wants a kitten... and I shall name her *PROPNAME*.
is sitting outside in Pennsylvania.
~ the kittens have officially been named. *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.
is going back to Tennessee.
is back from Impact.
is obsessed with Maple Story again. :P.
has to rewrite a part of her story because she thinks she accidentally deleted it. ):
is sad...
is drawing *PROPNAME*. (*PROPNAME*!)
is going to Pennsylvania tomorrow.
got a hair cut.
wants Sims 3... xD
rearranged her room. Drastically. It's so different now. :D
is boredd.
~ goin' to college.
~ First Mission: Decode - Paramore.
is doin' German homework.
~ Chemistryy is soo hardd!
is going to the pool later.
is writing a Psychology essay.
~ ew, Chemistry.
is done with art and has nothing special going on anymore. ):.
is better, I guess, and finishing up the last Psychology essays.
wants to cut her hair again.
is still finishing homework. On to Algebra II.
is going to art class.
is writing. ~ 50 page mark! ~
wants a keyboard.
is in German classs.
is sick. And also bored. Someone talk to meee...!
starts Psychology tomorrow.
~ haha, *PROPNAME* is awesome. xD
can play Decode on the piano. :D
~ aerobics to Family Force 5? Epic.
~ goin' shopping tomorrow with mah friends :D
is writing essays.
feels rather sickly... ://
~ hahaha, no school.
hates writer's block.
is rearranging her room. :D. Much fun.
~ Mystery Retreat
~ blasting screamo and there's no one to give me a hard time about it. :D
is going to the HOPE game night.
is very bored.
has to take PSATs :(
got charcoals for Christmas :D
made cookies for soldiers. :D
is sitting in my bed with all four cats. Yes, I am just that awesome.
~ 73 pages//15000 words of continuous narrative. Almost ready for another editing phase (*PROPNAME* . . . *PROPNAME* . . .). Now we're getting into the complicated stuff . . . Fun.
is 17 in nine days! (I missed yesterday's count down...)
is already packed. xD
~ German riddles. Fun, fun. :P
~ Merry Christmas :D
~ Christmas in one day. Seventeen in six days.
is seventeen in three days!
has so much to do!
is seventeen. :P.
is 17 in twelve days!
has two kittens! The girl is *PROPNAME* and I need help with the boy... it's between *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*. VOTE!
beat her sister in an arm wrestle. :D
is sad thinking about how her kitties are at home on her bed... alone... xD... poor kitties.
drew a bluebird and is now drawing a seagull.
is in Pennsylvania. :P
~ to the masquerade!
listening to Muse. ?  :D
cut her hair again. Short. Again.
~ grr... school sucks.
played much D&D. Muahaha.
~ CDC latest report: Autism effects 1 in 110 children born each day. 1 in 70 boys. Put this in your status for 1 HOUR if you know someone with AUTISM. Let our children's voices be heard. Here's to 2010 increasing awareness, research and proactively finding answers.
~ What actress do I look like? :o
~ "I can no longer tell the days from the nights. The moon glows an eerie red and I could swear it was covered in blood. What have you all done? What have you all become? A people more concerned with the temporary pleasures of this world rather than your salvation? I am now convinced that this is the end. As I raise my head towards the heavens to take one last look at the moon, the stars begin to fall."#SEPARATOR#sexy new laptop.  yay.
is chillin'.
"Many of us spend our whole lives running from feeling with the mistaken belief that you cannot bear the pain. But you have already borne the pain. What you have not done is feel all you are beyond the pain."   -*PROPNAME*
THANK GOD THAT WOMAN FINALLY LEFT THE FRIGGIN' HOUSE!!!
at NYU and playing sporkel!!!!  Yup, college is gonna be fun.  
prom is in # hours and still not ready......  AAHHH!
I know it's kinda late, but I gotz a new phone, so I needz yo numbers!  Can I have your number?  Can I have iiiittt?!?!? lol
graduation!! 
wants to play some more tennis.
is on the prowl.
anyone wanna watch ice age 3 with me tomorrow?
stupid harry potter movie kept me up till 1:30 in the morning and did not help the fact i had to wake up at 6:30am.....  but it was good so i guess it was worth it. :)
is in the city hanging out in a sweet lounge watching people pass below, fighting the temptation to become one of the crowd.
prom madness!
is hooked on BONES. 
orientation creeps closer and closer like a birthday cake on wheels.
gonna be in the city about a week to work at New Life Church in Elmhurst for the little kiddies!  :)  yay!
is having things finalized....
is in Weinstein! holla!  XD
to the city for the weekend!  :D
GABRIEL IGLESIAS!!!  XD
done with work...for now
is stuck
lollipop!
head cold and it's raining.... not helping...  *sniffle
awesome party. and yes, it exceeded my expectations.  
2 weeks left
still don't have my list of textbooks.  stupid bellmore mail... takes forever to get here!  XO
oh the craziness of prom...
waffles
*PROPNAME*= awesomest show i've ever seen
is officially settled in weinstein hall.  rm 428  PURPLE MONKEYS!!!!
tired. eyes are burning but my soul keeps yearning, for more than just a whispered good night.
had a 5 hour nap and is now procrastinating in writing her essay that's due tomorrow.  XD  whatever.  i gotz myself some smexy posterz!!!!!
boogabooogaboggaaa!
finally has the internet working after 3 days without it.  -.-"  withdrawal was harsh...  lol
like in high school i'm doing ma hw in the early mornin'.  and i'm doing it while procrastinating on fb.  lol
messed up an assignment for one class already in the early college season.  FML!!!!!!  stupid hw...  -_-"
i like fire  :3
just keep the ball rolling
just finished rewatching V for Vendetta and it rocked my sox
Casino Night was awesome.  I WON A SNUGGIE!!!!!!!  lmao
Going to the premier of Harry Potter with me awesome cousins in the city!  Yay!  sry daniel.....
BEACH BALL TONIGHT!!!!!!!   XD
has a paper due at 5 pm, yet here I am on fb.  typical
had a great night out with friends, ate awesome food, and watched stand up comedians on youtube.  fun...and now i'm tired.  g'night everybody.
justs wants to sleep but have to study and write 2 very large paragraphs... *yawns*
loling at new moon spoofs.  XD
still writing that essay....
stupid camera giving me hell!  agh!
Went apple picking during hte weekend with family.  But now, I must return to reality and work my ass off on Columbus Day.  Yay...
trying to do math hw but is distracted with other things like the shiny button on my sweater....  Shiny, i like shiny!
having fun in the am.  i also have a midterm on physics in the next 7 hours.  good night peoples and wish me luck!
FIRE DRILLLL!!!
NYU Portaits: Voices of a People was AMAZING!!!  XD
goin' out tonight!  XD
never going home during the weekday ever again!  waking up at 6:30am is a memory i'd rather keep in the past, thank you.  *yawn*
raining sucks!  stupid wetness......
5 page essay... Ready, set, go!!!!!!
stupid laptop making "whir" sounds.  maybe hitting will make it better?  *laptop dies*  ....damn....
gotz new shoes.  hooray!  ^o^
There has to be a better way to solve this else I die of fustration and disintegrate in my own rage.
trecked through the wetness only to discover that class was canceled......
Paper or Plastic
moop!
had it all set up for the weekend.  now it's all ruined.  hopefully, a trip to the met, visit to a spa, and quality time in li will smooth out the wrinkles in this disatrous turn of events.  meh...
FREEEDDDOOMMM!! Well, that is for now...
finished one essay.  Another four-paged essay to go.  But first, a 3 hour nap. :3
joy and freedom in the love of God!
didn't sleep 'til 6 am.  can't feel ma toes...
the first snow in nyc!!!!!!!!!!  afijeljaldsfjasd  XD
To the dickwads who sat in the table next to me: Yeah, insulting me in Korean behind my back thinking that I wouldn't understand...  Go back into the recess of the fucking cess pool you fucking crawled out of, you dumb fucks!  Love, *PROPNAME*
in kimmel jamming, drinking free coffee, and writing 3 essays before 10 am tomorrow!  gonna die from brain overload.
didn't sleep....tired.....probably gonna walk into traffic half-asleep. and the best part...i'm not done with that friggin' essay yet!
watched Hot Fuzz, then proceeded to watch Comedy Central, and finally, chatted with a drunk dude and his friend while watching Reno 911!
out of my mind with fustration and fatigue.  Oh, the life of a college student!
waiting for vacation time to roll around.....
i think this week of college just might kill me
nat. science final in a couple of hours....  more study or sleep?  argh, stupid test!!!
more partying at sandra's sweet 16!!!!!!!!!!!!  can't wait!
is wondering if she should even be here and if nyu was just a bad idea
to the gallery!!!!!
booga booga booga!  lol love courage!
just chillin'
is going shopping for college stuff!  WOOO!!!
hoping those leaving a safe trip and a lurvly Thanksgiving break.  Only a couple more hours to go!!!  XD
trying to write final papers in library... not working!  argh!!!
HEADING ON HOME!!!!  YEA BITCHES!!!  LET THE WINTER GAMES BEGIN!  (after i finish my conwest final papers....  ugh!)
ugh....tired...hw....essay....reading...blurghhl
retreat in a couple of hours... nervous.  meh!
hauling stuff out and moving into nyu in several hours!!!!
Snow, snow!  I love it so!!!!  XD  But getting to class is gonna be interesting....
"If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything."    -*PROPNAME*
it's so cold outside!!!  hot cocoa anyone?  :D
rofl how i'm using physics regents table to do college physics hw.  oh the irony.
so tired....................................it might snow tonight.
had a great time with friends, met some new peoples, and experienced one hell of a night!!!!
randomness reigns supreme!
the snow, the snow!  ahh the snow!!  oh if only if i were a few years younger...  i would spend the day with cups of hot chocolate and pummel my baby brother into the snow!
lovin' "Neighbors Know My Name"- *PROPNAME* and lovin the thumpin of my heart and feet pounding on the dance floor!  been too long baby!
SCHOOL'S CLOSED BIATCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#SEPARATOR#opus 10 no. 1: 10 years in the making ... i'm so happy to finally be able  to play these arpeggios up to speed without feeling like my arm will fall off after the first phrase.
is done .. first real summer break in years.
detox water fast
on vacation 2 weeks to learn statistics. haha
watched a whole bunch of queer movies on youtube. love it
i really miss driers, trader joe's, and whole foods.
day 1 trip planning, bought a very nice travel guide
back to the polonaise fantasie. 4 pages done. at this miserable rate the piece will be ready in a decade.
to Frisco for a day.
marinating a pound of bulgogi. We would need a grill but it is pretty good anyway. Want to try some?
dying for first vietnamese food in years. i could dream of pho tonight
bye bye San Jose
sad to leave San Jose -(
hooked on PBS
really like PBS's The Ascent of Money.
first day PhD applications, forgot how challenging this is.
GRE sorrows
New Woody Allen is genius
when your thesis is on saddle-point model selection and matlab can't find any saddle points, you're in deep ...
high on Scarlatti and Chopin.
Done with 5 apps!
bulgogi turned out tasty after all. congrats to all those with working ovens who roasted a beautiful bird, it's fun hearing your success stories. merry christmas!!
German bureaucracy ... annoying as all hell even from this side of the Atlantic.
saw *PROPNAME* WTC 1, can't wait for the Partitas in March.
Looking forward to Beethoven G Major Concerto tonight!#SEPARATOR#"we never forget the truth, we only get better at lying to ourselves"
is going into a morphine-induced slumber
is bargin it up north!
broke her forearm, dislocated and sheared her elbow, fractured 3 ribs and lacerated her spleen jumping off a ledge into the san lorenzo river on friday. She'll be on the 2nd floor in dominican hospital rm 2210 until tuesday if anyone wants to keep her com
is so excited to finally get out of the hospital tomorrow!
finally has some legit painkillers, hopefully my metal arm stops hurting soon! for now, i think i'm gonna watch the entire series of Entourage since I still have two days of bed rest. *PROPNAME* can help me back to health anyday 
so i dont have to keep typing this evrytime sum1 asks... slipped during a cliff jump, didnt clear the rocks below. sheared the ball joint in my left elbow, dislocated it (compound fracture), compound fracture in my forearm, 3 fractured ribs and lacerated 
is getting much better :D
has a new perspective. Its crazy how close I came to dying on friday.... I'm very happy to be out of the hospital and at my parent's house again. Come visit me! I'm on bed rest 'till Sunday and then only low activity for the next 3 months
woke up in a lot of pain and then hit the morphine button like 6 times... pain's not totally gone but at least its subsided a little
is bored in santa cruz...
s spleen is healing nicely but she still can't feel her fingertips on her left hand. she also wishes the nurses' assistants weren't so incompetent... one helped me to the toilet this morning then left and never came back to help me back into bed (which i
just got the most amazing rainbow tutu and leggings!
is so sick of this hospital and not being able to do things on her own
now takes the storke exit into IV instead of the los carneros exit... weird
is in isla vista without a phone
is gettin ready for Reggae!
mmm... strawberry rhubarb cobbler... mmmm
the heart is a wilderness with beauty and emptiness that you endure 'cause you never can be sure
Commercial narrator: "we're all searching for it. Most of us don't even know what we're looking for. But we all feel it, that unexplainable emptiness that can only be filled by one thing." Then they pan to the stars and the answer appears. Scientology. ri
That is a problem. That is not trusting the nowness properly that what is the actual experience now possesses a lot of powerful things. It is so powerful that we can't face it. Therefore, we have to borrow from the past and invite the future all the time. Maybe that's why we seek religion. Maybe that's why we march in the street. Maybe that's why we complain to society. Maybe that's why we vote for the presidents.
can't sleep because the dog  keeps barking at something in the yard and its kinda freakin me out
rediscovered an old journal and some old poetry of hers and is spending the day pondering who she is and who her real friends are                            ....... bed rest has given me A LOT of time to think lol *<:~)
I find it interesting that I cannot reply to comments on *PROPNAME*'s page without entering my phone number. A neighbor of mine received threatening calls from a conservative group after voicing her opinion at a rally. How they got her number I do not know but I wonder if the same would have happened to me if I entered my number... Scary stuff
"we have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down" -*PROPNAME*.
which mustache?!?!
is missing Isla Vista hardcore tonight :( I need an adventure...
is getting everything to work out despite the drastic change in plans
is going to the city tonight even though she's broken! ooo and my cousin drew a pretty pink cupcake on my cast :D
got burned by steak grease and has blisters on her leg :(   I'm just tryin to ignore it but I think the chef owes me a serious sesh (*cough* *PROPNAME* *cough*cough*) hahaha
I think we're walking step in step, But you don't speak your mind. I think I see it in your eyes, but maybe its just a reflection of mine.
Is packing up old baggage, mailing it away to Timbuktu and starting a new day :)
"see, when you forgive your imperfections, and you've auctioned all your clothes, and you look to see your true reflection, you will be the one who loves you the most" -*PROPNAME* "The One Who Loves You the Most"
is getting on her longboard for the first time in 3 months :D !!!!! Now it's time to go around Isla Vista collecting flowers for my new apartment :)
is stoked for West Beach today!!! Too bad its not sunnier... didn't someone tell Santa Barbara its still summer?
both of the towns I live in have been on fire an lot recently :(
is regaining her colors and fitting into her skin again :D
is repairing her very broken math skills one equation at a time
"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can lift us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*
is headin downtown for some live music on this lovely sunday afternoon :)
is so stoked to see *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* at the Hollywood Bowl with her lady tonight!!!
is preparing for five days of awesomeness. Hurray for Geo18!
is cuddleing with *PROPNAME*, the cutest puppy EVER!
is living on cloud nine... aka in the Montecito Hills. the house I moved into is insanely beautiful and best of all... its free!!!
has a LONG day in the field tomorrow and then is escaping Isla Vista for the weekend :D
LOVES her Field Fridays and BEER HOUR! Thanks *PROPNAME* for being such a great Beer Czar
is spending her day off watching Dexter instead of being productive like she should be...
is thankful for her quite patio to watch the meteor shower from tonight :) anyone want to join me?
"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can life us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*
is anyone home in this ghost town?
is about to go for a thankgiving hike with her family :)
is thankful for a warm fire, good wine and her ladies :D
downtown or international party? hmmm decisions decisions... one thing's for sure, no more studying for tonight :D
can't believe she's leaving the lodge in the morning after two years.... its the end of an era :( *PROPNAME* I love you forever!!!
how can I be expected to work when there is so much fun puddle jumping to be done?
A simple smile can change a day, an understanding look can say "I know exactly how you feel." But we have learned to build our walls, so very strong and very tall, for fear of what the world might steal
had a really stressful day at work but got a $45 tip :) Thank you Microsoft
just finished her last quarter at UCSB. Crazy.
is very happy with her grades and even happier that she didn't spend more time than needed on school this quarter!
come with me, come with me, we'll travel to infinity
folk and tribal arts festival at the museum of natural history, gonna go find some gifts and watch some bellydancing :)
is exhausted but so ready to see her ladies tomorrow!
just got back from the reel rock film show and officially views *PROPNAME* as the biggest badass EVER
is applying for the Peace Corps//Master's International in Civil Engineering!
you don't need no reason nor a three peice suit to argue the truth
is overwhelmed by data... and this is supposed to be a quick, easy lab? I barely even know where to start... my lack of experience is kicking my ass :(
finally got her computer back in shape! Open office, utorrent and skype
roast + wine + family + south park = a very happy *PROPNAME*
will not be going on the fall 2009 semester at sea voyage. Doctor's orders. I have never been so devastated in my entire life...
snow snow snow SNOW!!!!!! HERE I COME!!!!
got distracted in Borders for over three hours today... why did they have to put the rhyming dictionary next to the science section? All I wanted was the dictionary but I ended up reading about things from string theory to the genetic destiny of the y-chromosome (apparently men are on the slow but certain path towards extinction...) for most of the afternoon
finished her stats paper and bought her ticket for BRETT DENNEN on the 12th! The world is wonderful again :)  Now I am off to work for the next 8 hours... not so wonderful but oh well
is waging a vendetta against UCSB parking services!
Does anyone have malarone (anti-malaria med) that they don't need?
is overwHelmed with excitement
is headin to the doctor yet again but then Reggae in the Redwoods tonight at the Brookdale Lodge :D
is gettin' on the road, feelin' fine. I'll be back in Isla Vista in no time!
had a great time at the Devil Makes Three new years and now its time to pack for Semester at Sea!!!!
Is in Hawaii, yay!
is in Hawaii yay! No more phone after this... email at arsherrin@semesteratsea.net
received early acceptance to Michigan Tech in Civil Engineering!!!!!!!!!!!!  Now its time for my peace corps application! Get ready world, 'cause here I come!
is in San Diego, boarding the MV explorer tomorrow morning! If you want to follow my voyage, I'm keeping a blog at    http:////sherrinthelove.blogspot.com//
I am once, I am twice, I am the whole, I'm just a slice.#SEPARATOR#can someone explain to me how keith can misspell "beginner" and "hear" but can then use asphyxia correctly in a sentence?
it's 4:30 and i'm still awake.  i hate myself sometimes
if i can write a screenplay in two days i can submit it to a festival.  fat chance of that
um, mother nature . . . i love thunderstorms as much as the next person, but this is the 3rd one today.  could you get your shit together?  thank you.
i am now replacing my highly original baseball status with one about women's tennis: jelena jankovic thinks she's the number one tennis player?  i'd love to try whatever she's on
"If your friend got assassined, how would you respond" . . . probably with: that doesn't even make sense
a little glass vial. a little glass vial? a little glass vial.
nothing like falling asleep for an hour then waking up and being wide awake. stupid body
is still awake at 3:30.  oh me
just for the record, kim just made me log into her account to harvest her farmville raspberries
editing blows
was over baseball april 1.  is it ncaa basketball time yet?
*PROPNAME* said, ""I was just the vessel. It wasn't *PROPNAME*'s sperm. Just like I stick the sperm up my horse, this is what they did to me. I was his thoroughbred." And this is the part where my brain vomits...
going to your cousin's wedding?  awesome.  going to legend's bar afterwards?  not.
finished Pride & Prejudice & Zombies instead of watching Ghost in the Shell.  I'm classy.  Also, a giant geek. :)
heard mariah carey's new song on the ride home tonight.  she needs to give it up already
justine henin, stay the hell away from tennis.  no one wants you back.  you sir, were a bitch
suck on that nadia petrova
If cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?
so, i locked the doors on my truck at kim's, because it's a main road and we'd be busy editing the movie.  however, when i left, i noticed that i left all my windows open.  probably not the safest of security systems
If cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?
who called me today and left a voicemail?
mom: i'm sitting on main street like a hooker
merry christmas eve y'all.  i shall celebrate by working at b&n making drinks for annoying last minute shoppers.  i know you're jealous, I just hope it doesn't ruin our friendship
keith just told me he thinks we should go to ireland
i require 4 farmville gifts that are not one of the following trees//animals: peach, bananananana, date, passion fruit, pomegranate, lime, lemon, avocado, pig, duck, sheep, goat, or horse.  you shall be rewarded in the afterlife :)
rock band and ddr.  yessss
wants to play beatles rock band or wii resort but can't because keith is watching footloose
did i piss off a gypsy?  because there's a fly in my room that won't leave me alone.  better make sure i have an anvil tied up in the garage and a sharpened ice skate handy :)
excuse me mother nature, why the hell is it snowing
almost done hearing about baseball.  yessss
um, across the universe was even better the 2nd time.  would probably be even betterer if one was high i would imagine
i need to write an even stupider screenplay than i did for the first round.  this will be fun
where the wild things are should have been called where the sucky ass movie is
Nîn o chithaeglir, lasto beth daer
that noise you  heard at approximately 11:21 est was keith puking.  it might have sounded like a black hole opening, or a monster being stabbed to death, or any number of things, but it was just keith.  the more you know *star wipe
very close to not having to hear about baseball again for 6 months.  can't wait
expansion.  and chicken coops.  send me chickens :)
my ankle hurts.  stupid dishwasher door
pac 10 football . . . what the hell are you guys doing this season?
I heart rockband.  and the beatles.  and my bandmates
can someone explain to me how keith, who played football, well, "played," who acts like the world's biggest sports fan, and just told me he used to go to legend's on sundays to watch football, didn't know what fair catch was
Louisiana justice of the peace who refused to marry an interracial couple: I'm not a racist . . . I have piles and piles of black friends. Sure you do.
well dish n' dat happy hour was a bad idea :)
anyone else click accept gift today and facebook told you you ignored it?
so happy i'm not clopening this weekend
happy all hallows' eve kids :)
well squats were certainly a good idea right before bed  . . . stupid stairs
got more film developed.  and there are a lot of you in it.  be very afraid
i'm strange.  and i like it.  that's just the way i am.
happy turkeying errbody
alright . . . thought i was working at noon . . . working at 2.  holla
*PROPNAME*
well, it's 1:00.  i've had drinks.  and need to be at work far too soon.  in other words, great night.  happy birthday thom :)
i hate to say anything that might offend my facebook peeps, but paranormal activity sucks beyond the telling of it.  i cannot remember ever being this disappointed in a movie
anyone wanna pay me to hang out, play video games, maybe write a screenplay, and be sarcastic?  cause that would be awesome :)
I kind of have the best coworkers you could have
dear kiss 95.7 and kc 101.  could you possibly get off lady gaga's jock for 2 seconds and play a different song?  thank you
i just realized, due to not being able to sleep, that i never settled the debate i started a few weeks ago.  regarding cavemen vs. astronauts, "cave men win.  of course the cave men win." if you don't agree, take it up with fred
the volleyball championship was on tv this weekend.  i want to play volleyball :(
i'm going to one up toni: there aren't words for how good Avatar is.  suck on that kenny :)
home again.  with lots of laundry and little food.  hurray
can't sleep . . . work will be fun tomorrow :)
now that i've been released from the clutches of retail it's time for some friends and family.  merry xmas eve peeps
still waiting on ps3 and//or an iMac, but i haven't exchanged gifts with steve yet, so i'm holding out hope that it will happen :)
watching the forgotten . . . i already know i'm going to be pissed off at the end
why the hell am i still awake
a good night's sleep will hopefully make me excited to close tomorrow :)  cause right now i don't want to
if your 2009 was good, i wish you an even better 2010.  if it could have been better, i wish you a great 2010.  i do not, however, wish any of you a happy new decade, since the decade ends at the end of next year
am i supposed to be surprised that manny and ortiz were on the 2003 steroids list?  the much more surprising, and much shorter list, would be people playing in the past 10 years who weren't on the list
dear santa, here is a list of gifts I hope to see under the tree tomorrow: -ps3 -27" iMac (i didn't put it on my list, but you should have known) -mini cooper -screenwriting job thank you.
i don't know that i can express how much i love my coworkers :)  one of my best birthdays ever.  i even did a shot :)
a) louisville got jobbed tonight -- those refs were an embarrassment b) avatar was even better the second time :)
Have you met them face to face?  I hear them.  It's good enough for the blind.
update.  after i feel down the stairs last night, i stood up and proceeded to faint at which point keith came out and started slapping me asking if i was ok.  and in my head, i was responding just fine, but was apparently just mumbling to him.  if i wasn't in pain i would laugh :)  also, good to know that he's there for me when i need him
jacked up my neck somehow.  this should be a good night's sleep
said it before, will say it again, i work with some of the best people on the planet
um, keith is trying to argue with me about tennis. a) he doesn't get tennis b) he doesn't get arguing
Dish n' Dat in Canton for my bday celebration.  And moderate drinking, by me at least.  I will not be pulling a *PROPNAME*
jacked up my neck again.  and my finger.  and my hand.  and my shoulder.  and elbow.  and knee.  and my calf.  i'm kind of awesome
we are the world should not, under any circumstances, have auto-tune.  or a rap solo.  or vince vaughn.
isn't nyquil supposed to knock your ass out?#SEPARATOR#has finished cleaning the kitchen! That's the second one this week!
FINISHED!! :D
has 1 essay left to write! and one to read through and amend where necessary! Then it is all gedonen!
really can't be bothered with his last essay...
thinks the Indians might be taking the humble food fight a little too seriously... http:////news.bbc.co.uk//1//hi//world//south_asia//8119591.stm
is excited about going to Sark! as, whilst he hasn't worked out exactly how long he has to wait, he knows he will be going soon!
has just been stung by a bee and is in great discomfort
"twist it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby.."
IS WORKING AWAY LIKE A WORKER ANT (PROVERBS 30:24-25) AND HAS THE CAPS LOCK ON!
is regretting eating so much chocolate as he is feeling a tad ill...
is missing *PROPNAME*
used every piece of loo roll from one roll (obviously not in one sitting) for the first time ever!
has finished
just went on a 4 mile run and even though he walked a very little bit of it he is very pleased with himself!
Whoops... bought myself everything I needed for a cooked breakfast tomorrow morning but accidently ate it for lunch... :s
had a cooked breakfast this morning! mmm!
is making soup!
is alive!
knows that a burning smell isn't the best sign of good cooking and is thus going to turn the heat down
is happy because he saw a lot of friends from Stafford on Saturday night and made a big bonfire!
thinks it is very cold to go out in shorts and t-shirt but is going running anyway!
The Soup: The Verdict Type: Vegetable Appearance: Fantastic Texture: Good Taste: Poor Overall: Edible but not pleasant Summary: This is a great soup for looking at, it is full of colour, healthy vegetables and creaminess! If you are not hungry make this soup and you will feel good! However, if eating is your thing, this soup should be avoided. I have soup left for 3 meals - any takers? Only p&p to pay! Enjoy!
found that you can tell roughly where you are on the canal by the accents of the people who say hello!
has just attended his first parish council meeting!
regrets that he might have to dispose of his pumpkin (*PROPNAME*) as he is becoming a little furry and wonders if giving him a quick shave might do the job
is now a graduate
has a huge pile of washing!
Why doesn't social interview ask me any questions... I feel very left out. :(
hasn't been outside yet today but is now going to post a letter to one lucky recipient!
Is it just me or does anyone else feel in the mood for an ABBA sing along session?
is missing Katie
realised at around 5 last night that he had nothing to offer to trick-or-treaters so he made toffee... but then nobody came.
is soon to become a member of the con club!! Whoop!
no longer has a huge pile of washing
doesn't know where anyone is!
What a busy morning! We had a plumber, the cleaner a dog walker and the gardener all around all at same time!
is wondering how much tiffin cake he needs to eat to get one of his five a day fruit portions
thinks 3D glasses make the world a little bit more fun!
Last night I went to a conference where the police were asking us to pray for them. Lets pray for the police and our communities. God moves when his people pray.
apologises if he appears to be shouting or talking very loudly to people at the moment. He's getting used to talking to someone who is hard of hearing but keeps forgetting to talk normally to other people.
wants to know if anyone has borrowed an elf costume off him
is talking to *PROPNAME* :D
is off to practice being a shepherd
has been put on hold but is enjoying (dancing to) the music! :D
is moving yet more wood!
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay Snooooooooooooooow!
may have just slipped over on the ice but thinks he got away with it by making it look like he was break dancing...
is heading home for Christmas!
may have eaten a few too many sweets today...
is fighting to make it to the table football semis
finds it highly amusing that we are currently bringing the milk inside to warm it up in the fridge!
is about to start wrapping Christmas presents!
is no longer talking to *PROPNAME* - but not in a bad way. Just because it is impractical and expensive to talk on the phone continuously and because we both needed to do things.#SEPARATOR#Writing, then 2 chapters homework, then bed. Or just Loveline ?
My mind is so confusing, it's scary.
I just....I can't do this without family...friends. Anybody ?
Getting together map, snacks, music, and up-all-night accessories for Hollywood. Will starting driving at 4 am.
Loveline, pills, and a kitty. Best combo ever. night.
Fucking hell, grrrr....
Gah, head's pounding. I wish I wasn't in so much pain. It makes the pills that much more tempting...
Okay, so what are the different plans for Friday night in LA ? There's *PROPNAME*...?
Some people say pain can be controlled by the mind. I do not agree with these people. It doesn't mean I don't admire them though.
Doctors seem to want me to sit out. In a wheelchair...no fucking way. I'd rather walk down the street with tears streaming, than be benched....which, unfortunately, is not too far off.
Well anyway, fuck it. I'm gonna die young but happy. Rather than healthy and old.
Gonna be 83 degree today ! Coffee, sunshine, and sweet email from a friend. Day started with love, is continuing, and will end in love.
Home...finally. Sooooo tired...gonna get a couple hours before work starts up again.
Alright, recharged as it were. If this is a night of no dark dreams
Easy to read
Sleeeeeeeeeep......
I find I'm enjoying tiny poetry.  Such as: Rain- My ears hear a drip, drop, splash It's more of a scream, laugh, live And you make it so hard not to be cliche. You pile on my dreams,  Like power lines on a sky. Is it raining where you are ?
Not tired, must sleep. Long week ahead, and no weekend. Friday is no longer a day off. Sore all over, but I asked for it. Cig, Loveline, sleep...smile, love, remember.
Today was a much needed day off !! Back to a fake smile tomorrow, but rejuvinated by friends tonight.
It's moments like this that I wish I worked for Walmart. I hate rape. I'm no good at counseling "victims". Especially when it's a parental perpetrator. Why is this the way of the world ? Why is it reality ?
Blah ! Work lots, need money. Not worth it really. I'm loosing the happiness !!
Sore throat starting out. Tempted to gargle vodka, but must get some work done.
Frustrated beyond all hell, blog isn't helping.
"I've been high, and I've been down, my head in the clouds and my hands on the ground. "
I think I would be dead without my heating pad. I am completely serious.
I don't know where my mind is in this moment. It's so fleeting
Gah, headache. Okay my body's failing me
Okay, people, seriously..."lol" is so blood annoying when you use it on every line.
Fuck. Okay, file another tragic story in a box of my mind to be dealt with when I no longer have a heart. Wonder how much longer it'll take...not too long now.
Okay, I'm no good at positivity right now. That's my work "hat". So sue me.
Ah coffee....makes the world go 'round.
I feel emptied out
Okay, must sleep. Must work in mere hours...ah who am I kidding ? I don't sleep. Or eat. Just smoke...and work. And love.
Got the new iPhone 3GS. Don't ask how, I won't tell you. But thank you.
"I like my chicken fried, a cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up !"
QTD: "'Flower' usually refers to a vulva in general, not virginity or 'cherry popping' as the kids would say." Hahahaha
"Little red bird under a chair, waiting for the crumbs to fall. Daddy said, 'Get a job'. Well don't you see, Daddy, how good I am at catching crumbs ?"
Aggrevated that I let someone else take me from really happy to hurt and depressed. It's on me to change my reaction to be one of Loveful Me.
I need to be asleep. I get up in....5 hrs ? No idea really. What am I doing again ?
"For a moment I love everything I see and think and feel..."
"Walking by the river I...reach my hands to cup the sky. It runs down my arms...a bitter blue. Turn to red, and the gashes grew." God, this song...every word is raw and honest.
I am what I make of myself. I am Love. I am.
I wish I was in NYC and seeing *PROPNAME* tomorrow night....
I need to go back to my live food diet. Not 90% like before, but I bet I could do 75% without losing too much weight..
It's ugly here. But there are sparks...moments. Love.
I guess it all depends on your mood...why can't these meds be any damn good ?
"I believe in love. It's just my heart that keeps turning me down. I believe in love, I think it's just fine."
I always want the blog to be the magical valve. Turn it on, write, be healed. It never is though. And now I still hurt, I just feel more raw now. As long as I stay with the emotion and don't deny...I'll be alright.
Fucking musicians. Fuck musicians...
<3
Now that I'm done writing, I need food...hmmm....
I did that shit with spasms, AND after 8 shots of espresso today. WHO DA MAN ?? Beauty school, here I come...right after this next Criminal Minds. <3
I have to find the superhero I use to be. I can't bring myself to believe it was just the Love of a silly boy that did it.
(Breast cancer awareness question - what colour bra are you wearing ?) No colour. I'm not a fan of bras lately. But this is a stupid FB idea. It doesn't really raise awareness unless you also say what the hell it's about !  Stupid, stupid.
My most awesome friend just surprise-attacked me with a present of a dark chocolate bacon bar...drool. Best. Moment. Ever.
Again, my company and night are ruined by some physical ailment of mine. I am fucking tired of it.
Wow, fresh air. Crazy. Good day sunshine, you're my favourite star.
Okay, sleep. Dreaming of bacon and dark chocolate. mmmm....
To be something I am not...that is what I'll be when I grow up. God, it'll be stunning.
Okay. Maybe not sleep.
Pain is a bitch.
Got called in to work tomorrow. At least I don't have to run groups. Bed early tonight.
Wow been a tiring and painful day. Gonna set up a movie and try to relax. Love to all of my beautiful friends and family for the support and awesomeness of who they are. And a high five to my Surgeon who is THE man and gives me hope of having a less painful life. <3 you all. You make me happy, yes YOU.
My most Awesome Surgeon says I can try walking today and if all goes well, I can work tomorrow !! YAY !! I'm gonna need the money if I wanna try and quit this job to focus on my other jobs//opportunities. Wish me luck on the walking ! I'll report back.
Just ate a nice happy cow filet with red wine reduction. Wish my feet weren't throbbing so I could really cook !! Tomorrow we shall throw down...my 12-in skillet and me.
Having surgery today. I can't wait to be in hospital. I'm not a big fan of surgery. But hospitals feel like home to me. Calming in the chaos.
Reading an amazing book called Stranger in a Strange Land. Now I'm listening to Loveline and trying to rest for the god-aweful full day tomorrow.
Off to a training, not back til Sunday. So tired. So in pain. Starbucks will make it all better, I know it !
Last day at work. I caught myself laughing at something horrific last night. Laughter is how I cope, but...I can't wait to laugh at happy things again.#SEPARATOR#why are my clothes disappearing!!!! =(
ewwwww! grossssssssssssss leave me aloneee. disgustingg.
had a great time yesterday! it was nice seeing everyone <33
is in Italyyyyy
has a lot of bug bites in Italy =(
has period cramps. =(
is coming back to America sooon =)
hahaaaahahahahahaaaahahahahahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahaha.
shame on me. raetjgliajgtjajgaijglajweglkjajga
needs a big hug
changed her status. happpy?
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!
METEOR SHOWER TONIGHT! FML!!!!!!!!!
happy birthday *PROPNAME*! Mommy loves you veryyyy much<3
Boys are like buses, miss one, next one coming!
im getting pimples! whyyyyyyyy =(
i just got home from school and my flies were unzipp the whole time. oops?
i'm going to break my record!!!!!!!!!!!
I sometimes think that some *PROPNAME* bikers are just ASKING to get hit by my car!
i can't motherfucking fall asleep.
who does that motherfucker think he is!!! ajkjsgksjgewl
gloomy cold weather today. I kinda like it. :)
before this quarter ends, i will definitely not break my record...ahahahhaha Just for YOU *PROPNAME*.
omg. SHOOT ME.
so my fortune cookie told me "You and your wife will be happy in your life together" MY WIFE? I always thought I'd be married to a guy? FML!
mmmm beeen feeling quite happpy =))))
last night was. LOL.
SO ugly and tired looking from finalsss, but I'm DONEEE =)
You are the fucking BEST. =)
sold back my school books for $138.75! =)
the weather is SOOO AWESOME!
i hate phillip shing bing long bong shalong ma!
sooo many sidedishes like korean food.
a Lion will never cheat on his wife, only a Tiger Wood. LOL.
every KISS begins with a "K" every UGLY begins with a "U"
nothing gives you a better night sleep than nyquil =)#SEPARATOR#I have no water right now. WHY
Ecco la marcia ...la marcia marcia arcia cia a...
just watched Der Rosenkavalier for the first time OH MY GOD
*PROPNAME*... D: *PROPNAME* too?
ITURBI
*PROPNAME*, it's like you aimed just left of funny.
saw Corialanus at the Globe today. Now where's Dido?
anyone know of a good recording of L'elisir D'amore? Everything I've listened to so far has been sort of crap crap crap UNA FURTIVA LAGRIMA crap crap crap crap crap. I know it's the hit song but god is there a recording that's good as a whole unit anywher
Finished Steppenwolf. Not for everybody.
just watched *PROPNAME* as *PROPNAME*, something that has forced me to revise my previous low opinion of him. It was great! Right up there with Philip Langridge and *PROPNAME*, which I understand is weird to say seeing as he came first of all. But sti
1. On campus housing TOO EXPENSIVE. 2. There is no fat or sugar in this house how is life possible. 3. So many stupid looking dogs SO MANY STUPID LOOKING DOGS
oh huh, this is 4th of July weekend coming up? Probably not the best time to try coming up...
"*PROPNAME* Teaches Trying?" *PROPNAME*, sometimes in your ceaseless effort to provide a slightly more depressing take on various topics, you come up with a bit of a stretch.
Hi Chicago, what's up
just saw Thirst. It was dark when I got out, and I was by myself, so I jogged part of the way home. Hell if I know why...scary wouldn't really be the word for that movie I don't think...
well that didn't work
Oh right, there is a diction exam tomorrow. Huh.
*PROPNAME* more convincing as the king than *PROPNAME*? Wow... I mean he's good and all, but I sure know one source of reviews to ignore now
Wow, *PROPNAME* was very small.
Hahahha Mad Men. "You can't sing." "Take that back...I quit the Tigertones because I had mono." "I am so high right now." hahaahaha
after months of failure, I am going to try to come up to LA for a day before everybody disappears. I'm thinking this Friday?
Novelists sure don't like the suburbs
Dead Like Me is such a fun concept executed so...disappointingly.
yes yes what a fun thing....
is gonna be eating various kinds of wraps for every meal for a while now.
Refrigerator: "Drrrrrr" Lights: "Flicker..."
Okay, songs for bass//low baritone and orchestra: Songs and Dances of Death The Vagabond Le Bal Masque Old American Songs Ich Habe Genug The Ravel and Ibert Don Quixote cycles then all those Mozart concert arias what else?
My first thought was "wow, everybody is having birthdays at once...what a coincidence!" Then I remembered all of those profiles we made for Threepenny...
wishes people could just agree on one perfect technique and have done with it!
slept so much last night
WOAH, tough day! GO GO GO REGROUP DOMINATE AHHHHH
It's surprising how much better *PROPNAME* makes everything
In The Loop on Opera: “It's just vowels, subsidized foreign f***ing vowels.” Hahahahaha
Hmm...it might finally be time to get a coat.
feels pretty ooky, but is going to try to power through and sing in everything tomorrow anyway. Good idea? Let's watch!
Every time I log in to something and I see one of those checkboxes next to the words "Remember Me," I can't help but think - ever so briefly - "but ahhhhh, for-r-ge-et my faaate."
No more student tickets for opening night at the lyric opera! Hmm... How unmissable is tomorrow going to be? I'm thinking I may go anyway.
Wow, major insomnia attack. Might be a nocturnal weekend.
stupid light vegetable and noodle soup you are the worst soup have you not heard of flavor i bet you've never even heard of the gym
hmm how far is it reasonable to go to get a hard to find arrangement that you really want?
"What's on your mind?" summer programmmms
glerc blech hack hakk kkrrr
ugg calling in sick is a surprising amount of work
it's a bird, it's a plane, it's a BIRDPLANE
god I can't even look at nfcs. confused enough as it is!
oh my god rice cookers are incredible
"The eternal passion stretches me apart" ---> "The eternal puhsshuun stroechuuz muh apoooooohh!" Music by *PROPNAME*. Revisions brought to you by the letter F.
*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are doing Dr. *PROPNAME*'s *PROPNAME* Songs? eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Does anyone else spend waaay too much time worrying about what aria to start an audition with? Or is it an irrelevant point and I'm just stupid? Grrrrrr
Was just blown away by a Schumann symphony...what? I don't know what to believe anymore...
oww my back...today i'm like 70 or something
just lost an hour to scramble when he should have been packing. How are people getting such high scores? Ahhhh
so happy! dum duh duh DA dadadada dm dm dm dm
Haha the *PROPNAME* montage where he's talking about how he's a great leader and a really nice person and they're juxtaposing it with all these clips of him being a jerk... so perfect! He's still one of the guys I'm rooting for though.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh go go go go go
is on a SERIOUS hans hotter kick right now...recovery is uncertain...
[h?-lo? ?-v??-ba-di hau a? ju]
It's pretty amazing how many hours are required to organize a presentation that is going to last no more than twenty minutes. This would be so much simpler if I could just call Haydn as a witness.
I finally went grocery shopping. Picked up a small piece of raclette, not knowing what it was, because I wanted something to put on crackers. Turns out it is supposed to be melted over a flame or special grill and then immediately scraped onto some kind of bread. Whyyyy did I get such a difficult cheese? Will just putting it right on a pan or toasting it somehow work? I guess we'll see!
Streeterville? Wrigleyville? Printer's Row? What is this
just ate a ton of sugar woaaahhh... Explain to me again why I'm not ripped?
hungry and got no food but it is cold out so I don't want to go out to get it! Instead I plan to put Safety Dance on repeat. yes yes i will be fed by the power of dance in a strange medieval town
realized today he had no idea what was in eggnog, and looked it up, secretly expecting to find that it was made from something horrible. It is actually made of far more wonderful ingredients than I ever could have imagined!
was a huge baby when he had his wisdom teeth out a few years ago. Just splayed out on the couch whining constantly. His sister, however, had them out today and treated it like it was nothing!
Airplane time soon, it's a vehicle that flies, but that's not important right now. Hahahahahah...hahah...
Reading Rainbow was cancelled? Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Time to get my final wisdom tooth out :(
Why is there rain everywhere???
passed all three of his entrance exams for theory and history yessss
Visiting LA on Tuesday!
After the competition, went to the zoo. THE ZOO. Talked to THE ANIMALS. "Oh my God, look at you! You are tiny! HAHA you are a FROG! Oh wow high five frog."
was PERFECTLY noctural today. My sleep schedule is the worst it has ever been ever! Ugggggggggg...
Hooo...this semester...am I right guys? Wild!
Wow, *PROPNAME*...I've never heard anything quite like that in person! My search for similar sounds has led me to *PROPNAME*, so very productive post-concert internet session. SO COOL
I just dreamed the mob kidnapped me and was forcing me to host a toothpaste infomercial. The draw for the toothpaste is that it was used by athletes in the Olympics. I kept getting all the names and locations wrong because nobody told me what they were. A burly guy in a suit was getting pretty upset cause we were stopping so much. He was on the roof for some reason. The set looked suspiciously like my backyard. Huh.
cooked with shiitake mushrooms for the first time today. they're so smelly!#SEPARATOR#oh my god House! =D
Where The Wild Things Are looks soooo good!
Terrorist-underprivilegeds bombed three hoverports, and I should be scared or angry, the newsfeed says. But the sky is so empty and quiet and beautiful.
went to class, realized i never printed out my essay, made a mad dash back to print it out, and continued said mad dash back to the armory. eesh.
dyed her hair =]
recieved The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test in the mail today =D
is going to go play Boston on the piano =]
hasn't had power for the past 2 hours..man im so bored.....
poor farrah, poor michael =[
is wearing and listening to less than jake =] =]
IS going to warped tomorrow! =D =D (close one!) gah! so happy =]
loves snl. and is going to marry bill hader =]
got out of the house tonight finally =] had a grand time. this had better start happening more often.
needs something witty to put as her status.
woke up this morning with both of her arms asleep. unpleasant.
"So judge me by my actions. Maybe some will be scared enough to wake from their walking dream state"
all the statues in town came to life. but they'd been watching long enough to know not to move.
could listen to L.A.X. by Big D and the Kids Table about a hundred times in a row hahaa
movies =]
the glass passenger =]
--it's postsecret sunday everyone!
has contacts finally, its been a long time coming. its quite nice to see
to do: raise lambs in the Alps and, in turn, become a german shepherd.
17 soups in a hot plate
found long lost Third Eye Blind cd!
likes pina coladas and getting caught in the rain
Perseids tonight!...though accompanied with a bright moon. =\ Still excited! =]
quad day, got some fantastic posters, donated blood...productive day.
is very anxious for House to start again in september
moved in yesterday, got victoria moved in today, and now we're just..hangin out. in our room sweet room. outdoor concert and comedy tonight? yay!
is back from the late nighter and didnt get hypnotized =[ and very hungry...
my ID card has been found! =D
moves out the day after tomorrow
shot the moon!
s last day of work is tomorrow... and it's gonna be a long one =[
hey everyone! What A Wicked Gang Are We Below by Streetlight Manifesto!
got caught in the rain =\
wants to take a rorschach test...
cuz lately im not dreamin so whats the point in sleepin? its just that at night i've got nowhere to hide.  --love me some jack's mannequin =]
lost her bromley id again... probably won't be so lucky to get it back this time.  Darn these shallow pockets!
bought some mod podge. is going to collage some things. rather excited.
"when you look annoyed all the time, people think you're busy."
is going to the football game at shiloh tomorrow =] haha yay
misses writing as much as i used to. needs a journal.
totally saw a guy with a neck brace looks both ways before crossing the street today. hahaa made my day for a bit
"My son got into DeVry." "What'd he have to do, open the door?"
its rainy and sun shiny and warm and beautiful =] but...its stopping.. sigh.
has nothing (of interest) to do.
there's nothing to writing. all you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein.
bah. this always happens. ah well. thinking about making blueberry muffins.
What do you call someone who speaks more than one language? A polyglot. What do you call someone who speaks only one language? An American.
is out of cinnamon toast crunch =[
needs a new camera =[
pasta and criminal minds marathon and putting off reading
warped tour was fantastic =]
bored, tired, work tomorrow and the next two days and then im done =] and then 6ish days from then i move in. delightful!
....lost my bromley id. already. curse my absent mind.
robot chicken!
And the world might end tonight!
you know whats cool? project runwayers making clothing out of newspaper.
just can't get down to business...curse you, homework.
may as well try and catch the wind. dee dee dee dee dee....
snl tonight =]
sick =\
is tired and irritated. almost time for green tea and robot chicken! hope i get my stupid bromley id tomorrow.
drew a blank...and put it in a frame.
"Uh, didn't ask about your hair, *PROPNAME*."   "You asked with your eyes, *PROPNAME*. You asked with your eyes."
jimmy fallon does one heck of a seinfeld impersonation
I love when people misinterpret brutally depressing songs. Like Born in the USA, or Happy Birthday.
has played more Freecell today than any man should.
*PROPNAME*'s on Leno =]
2 more classes, a quiz to fail, a long-awaited nap, and maybe dinner if i feel like getting up.
feels absolutely great =D
back from the doctor with many many meds
is still practically deaf in my right ear after two weeks... getting old, i say. unpleasant.
off off off with your head,,dance dance dance til youre dead
still, i wouldn't mind punching something.
you and i, we're just too shy
got her books today. rather excited for intro to poetry. read sylvia plath and edwin arlington robinson on the way home =] also, got glasses today. not too sure how i feel about them. didnt not wear them on the way home
HOUSE! HOUSE EVERYONE, HOUSE!
zooey deschanel and death cab for cutie front man ben gibbard got married =D how cuuute
paper done with 20 minutes to spare. poptart time.
dakota fanning's getting beat up on robot chicken heh hehh..excellent.
can't get enough glass passenger
It's "Fumbles". It's always been "Fumbles".
meh. forgotten test in the morning.
is Nancy Drew.
got two pairs of cartilage piercings today =]
going to play some piano!
be excellent to each other!
10 hour workday? boo.
has consumed so many cough drops as of late, i'm making a wrapper bracelet with those too.
Ah, love at first sight. When you see someone so beautiful that you forget they aren't there just for you.
found Mad World sheet music =]
some man sold his kidney for $20,000...sounds like a plan
laptop finally came, woop. its purple. its lovely.
500 Days of Summer was very very good =D
Courage the Cowardly Dog is on!
one more class, dr's appointment (hearing has improved!), missing House because of the midterm tonight =[
watchin benny and joon =)
9am class for tomorrow is cancelled. Huzzah!
sent a postcard to postsecret yesterday =]
s ears are sore haha. worth it! Nothing on the tube.... will continue to study for tmrs psych midterm momentarily =\ meh.
wants to be able to put the wild things commercials on her ipod to watch allthetime =]
is watching robot chicken. It's aliive!
and by that i mean that everyone should listen to Viva Discordia by That Handsome Devil. now.
Criminal Minds!
feels she did poorly on her midterm
gets to sleep in tomorrow! kinda disappointed that all my classes are canceled except one =\ wouldn't mind the whole day off.
has a paper due tomorrow. will start in a bit, i think. would've helped to have read anything before this point. ah well!
is downloading wilco and watching third rock from the sun!
I've always known I'd be a bank robber. So judge all you want, ladies and gentlemen. Because you never did become an astronaut.
crowd surfed at *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*! =D
We bet him five dollars that he would drown. A bittersweet victory.
Overpopulation will only accelerate until we need walled cities to keep out the hungry, swarming, insane masses. And they will scrape and dig under the walls like bug eyed mole men. You say catastrophe. I say, fuck yes.
Jai Guru Deva om... Nothing's gonna change my world.
Err:520
is rocking the casbah.
HOUSE!
is updating her facebook status.
is off to brunch!
needs another project. needs more chain.
loves you, yeah yeah yeah.
....curse this internet and//or computer. whichever one is currently sucking and screwing up facebook. screwing up everything!
is looking into her personality type. has the same as luke skywalker, gandhi, and adam sandler, among others. is pleased.
sabrina the teenage witch is on! i haven't seen it in years! =D really takes me back...
You are beautiful, sir. But I hope you're interesting, too. Do you read? Do you think about what you read? I specifically told the agency I wanted someone who thinks about what he reads.
might as well be walkin on the sun
"the verdict falls like bachelors for bad-luck girls"
And if a ten-ton truck kills the both of us - to die by your side, well, the pleasure, the privilege is mine.
finished the rough draft of my explication of The Mill.   *PROPNAME* is spectacular!
"It wasn't radioactive," the doctor said, "it was a Brown Recluse spider." "Fuck that," I said, "My spidey sense is tingling!" "That's nerve damage," he said.
the most interesting man in the world doesn't always eat soup. but when he does. he prefers cream of mushroom.
hug a vegetarian day!
I don't mean to seem disrespectful, officer. But god damn, I want like three of you.
NEW SNL!
i for one am loving the wind
also just got back from seeing the Chief dance.
needs something to do tomorrow//wednesday afternoon.. don't wana be around for fire code inspections.
slept in like nobody's business today. makin biscuits.
is making the coolest bracelet ever.
i've got troubled thoughts and the self esteem to match. what a catch, what a catch. -- the music video is delightful =]
check your time boy, check your time
is *PROPNAME*. Yes!
is watching SNL =D
superfastinternet is beautiful.
"Every generation had its socially-conscious youth: flappers, beatniks, hippies, punks... Today we have hipsters, but instead of contributing largely to a social cause, they're just a bunch of pretentious pricks."
nap, two classes, headed home.
is just a teenage dirtbag, baby. Yeah I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby. Listen to Iron Maiden, baby, with me. Ooohoooooo.. =D
Truth and Beauty are wonderful words. But shrapnel is shrapnel. And at the end of the day I am alone with the things I have done.
ordered a real winter coat today! It's been long overdue.
is anticipating tonight's Criminal Minds!
sophisticasherwood anderson#SEPARATOR#is watching Gossip Girl. This may mean I've failed to acquire taste.
MJ died :(
wants sleep
is going to the lone star ruby conf. in August!
Salvador Dali's distorted clocks were inspired by melting cheese. I'll never eat a grilled cheese sandwich the same way again.
I find it funny that I keep clicking on unfamiliar names and wondering "When did I friend this person?" and until I realize they got married.
thinks ice is the best puppy treat ever
puppy training classes then UGA football weee
wine + cheese + teebow's tears == fun
enjoying the latest Imogen Heap album
is in Atlanta
spending a night with 9 IBM programmers feels like a chapter out of Microserfs.
will miss Stadler.
I :heart ruby
made spicy coconut soup mmm
back in Austin
just watched Back to the Future for the first time#SEPARATOR#argh y does everything need qualifications n not experience :(
gona miss u lots bojana :'(
is eating a yummy watermelon
aww i dont feel 2 good, think i ate 2 much :S
says y dont any1 take me 4 who i am :(
hehe need 2 stop doin all the fb quizzes :)
hehe 'What I'm Listening to' is kinda working on my wall, 2 bad its a lil slow at updating :P
we take life, we make life and now we must feast for the ones we love
we take life, we make life and now we must feast on the ones we love
IM SOOOOO HAPPY ITS FINALLY HERE, ITS BEEN SOOOO LONG SINCE WE LAST HAD A STORM :) booo all my cams suck they dont work at night, wish i got that 2day now!!! :'(
im so fuckin pissed off
hmm this ice lolly tastes of strawberry n apple flavored coolant -.-
hey any1 wana go2 the balcony next sat???
:'(
lolz thx guys
lolz been so long since i logged on here :P
might go n c motorhead live at the end of the month :)
aww im bak, but i wana go bak 2 reading :(
cool we've got enough points on bejeweled 2 win the laptop, btw can i hav it if we do win :P
stupid avg, im gona get rid of u wen i upgrade 2 win7
busy designing characters boo wheres steve wen u really need him :(
yay got my new laptop :) aww but now im pretty skint :(#SEPARATOR#Who needs Twitter when you have Facebook?
New Guitar Hero = Freeeeeeeeebiiiiiiiiiird!
4 publications in 10 years, yo I can divide// That's one every let's say two, two of them shits was due// One was - NAHHH, the other was in the Journal of Mathematics// That's a one hot publication every ten year average// And that's so - LAAAAAAAME!
BET Awards tonight at 8
My personality spans, too numerous  A gentleman, intelligent, athletic, a thug and I'm humorous
*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*: 3 great men doing great things in 2009.
Can Obama will the US to victory over Brazil Sunday?
Ok, who wants to go to LA with me Tuesday for the MJ memorial service?
After 3 tracks of Illmatic in the car today, my grandma turns to me and says "Turn off this noise and put on Michael Jackson!"  Priceless
lamborghini murcielago
Off to Cornell for a week of probability.
Goodbye *PROPNAME*.
Im serious, I have an extra ticket for the MJ funeral.  Who wants to go?
Take me to a place without no name
Does anyone know where I can find the firefighter's test from the *PROPNAME* case that is causing *PROPNAME* so much consternation.
Forget fireworks, I want to see the *PROPNAME* funeral.
Im sort of half expecting MJ to come dancing out of the hospital singing Thriller
Off to Orlando for the weekend
BET Awards Sunday at 8.  I will not forget this year.
loves hiding uninteresting people on his newsfeed.
"Im going to University of Maryland, but I spent the summer at HARVARD." ~ Adweeb
Flight delayed 2 hrs , but Orlando Intl Airport has free wireless!
Off to see whats left of the Beach Boys (I go white one day a year)
Get around round round I get around Still down with the Underground When I come around
time to swim
Going surfing with *PROPNAME*
"Why is America like Michael Jackson?  Both achieved their peaks with a moonwalk performed decades ago" ~ *PROPNAME*
Today at the gym I saw on TV that Michael Jackson was dead.  I was so shook up I couldn't keep working out.  Also, I will do anything to skip dumbell lifts.  They really suck.
Ready for Summerfest!
*PROPNAME* was not as cool as I thought he would be.
15
It's all about control and if you can take it.
One is apt to overestimate beauty when it is rare ~ *PROPNAME*
could only gaze on *PROPNAME* from afar today at Disney World:(
Off to Chi-town for some Information Theory
It is time to return to Hogwart
There are too many imitation *PROPNAME*'s on Facebook.
I wanna do bad things to you...
Only engineer to rewrite history without a pen// No RFID on my Mac, let the story begin....begin...begin
Nothin's equivalent to a New York state of mind.
Back in Boston finally.
*PROPNAME* wrote that "pure democracy" doesn't work because "there is nothing to check... an obnoxious individual." Then, in the margins, he doodled a picture of *PROPNAME* the Plumber.
I will show you *PROPNAME*'s birth certificate when you show me *PROPNAME*'s high school diploma.
This year for Eid I want to see my Muslim president on all the morning talk shows at once.
Just got the new *PROPNAME* album!
Ok change of plans again, and back to Gekko.
An evening with Gorden Gecko.
In LA
Actually most people on Twitter are old Republicans who don't know how to use Facebook or who are morally opposed to "poking" strangers.
Cant a man enjoy his Nobel Peace Prize for a day?  Just for a DAY!?
Headache
*PROPNAME*
Change of plans: an evening with *PROPNAME* instead.
And now it is time for the Yankees to break the curse of bin Laden.
is hooked on Katamari
Arab money ready to go
And finally, thanks to capitalism, the curse of bin Laden is broken.  GO YANKEES!  Now let's rebuild those towers and get out of Afghanistan.
In 2 years went from *PROPNAME* to *PROPNAME*...
is going to learn Japanese.
Ugggh, why did I eat those donuts?  Never again!
will not be compromised by some puny prodigal pathetic pitiful pusillanimous putrid punk from Bangladesh
Jay-Z in a tux at the American Music Awards... Priceless
Happy Eidsgiving
"I don't have to explain anything to you solecistic amoebas" ~ *PROPNAME*
Shippin off to Vancouver
Happy Birthday 40th Jay-Z!
will boycott any sponsor pulling their Tiger Woods advertising.  Gillette, Gatorade, you've been put on notice.
*PROPNAME* is going to NY for her next concert on Nov. 22nd
*PROPNAME* makes me wanna be a Republican.
RIP *PROPNAME*
Tomorrow, we snowboard.
has just finished watching the Wire, and it was awesome.
Senator *PROPNAME* reminds me of Senator *PROPNAME*, but considerably more treacherous.
In KABUUUUUUUUUUL! Desert city bringin down empires There's nothin we can do  Now we're in KABUUUUUUUUUUUUL! The streets will make you feel so screwed No hope cuz we're all doomed Let's here it for KABUL, KABUL, KABUUUUUUUL!
We got 60!
*PROPNAME* is coming back to the WWE
*PROPNAME* is gorges.
Forgive me for what I am about to do tonight.
I need the wisdom of a wise Latina.
Hot 97 is finally streaming online.  Sweet.
Me, I'm doin business and no one ain't ever seen us//  If Jay-Z payin' *PROPNAME*, Im payin *PROPNAME*
Greed, for lack of a better word, is gy.
will NOT under any circumstances attend a Spring Weekend concert headlined by Dashboard Confessional.
Do it for *PROPNAME*...
Congratulations *PROPNAME* on your new baby!
reading the Holy Klor'an
We got your back Harry "Healthcare" Reid
just bought some 1500 thread sheets
is in a Bangla State of Mind
*PROPNAME* should have thanked *PROPNAME* in her Grammy speech
Hot: *PROPNAME* is an awesome TA.
Will someone PLEASE explain to me why everyone thinks *PROPNAME* is so awesome?  I mean if you put *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, or *PROPNAME* on all of my songs, they would sound just as good, if not better.
I have 6 cliques in my Facebook network.
Just sewed on my first button.
Dunk contest was lame this year.  Everything the Knicks touch dies.#SEPARATOR#found out that Jolly Pirate Donuts near her house in WV was the one shown on that Smoking Gun episode!  Awesome! ^^
is feeling a little subbydub today.
has a new baby sister!  Little Baby No-Name!
just found an organization called Think Before You Speak that flips out about people saying, "that's gay," claiming that it's offensive.  That's pretty gay, if you ask me.                                                                                    
There is now officially a tea-growing Subbydub Ocean, according to *PROPNAME*.
has officialy decided that *PROPNAME* is named after *PROPNAME*.
is back from the beach a little scraped up and sunburned, but otherwise okay!
is in Georgia tomorrow, then to Florida Saturday, and back to Georgia Sunday.
s epic wound is starting to heal!  Yay!
has only 8 more days to use the government's money.  Anyone want me to go run the water and waste some more of their money?  Got any grudges?   
can't remember the name of that agility school in WV and can't find it on the Internet!  Anyone else remember?  Dad or MJ?
is in Valdosta tomorrow, then to St. Augustine Saturday, then back to Valdosta Sunday, and back home to Charleston Sunday, too.
just scrubbed the inside of the car.  In the dark.  With the mosquitoes.
just got back from the pool.  Wow, I'm exhausted...
stayed up to finish The Kite Runner last night, probably around four in the morning.  I'm not sure because I don't have a clock up there! lol
just finished "There Are No Children Here."  It was horrendous.
s little sister told her that she could "ride her tricycle with no handlebars."  As long as you don't start singing their more political songs, sweetie.  :P
just planned the perfect field trip. ^^
spent 1 hour in the car, 2 hours in Potomac Mills, only went to 2 stores, and got just a cup out of the whole day.  WOW.
is going to try drawing upstairs.  Didn't work so well in the car.  Usually a change of atmosphere helps.
The early bird gets the worm...but the second mouse gets the cheese in the trap.  Words to live by.  I do, at least.
just got back from the zoo.  No gray wolves, no girraffes...really not much of anything.  :(
s mom can't find a cheap orange Jansport backpack online because *PROPNAME* used one in Twilight, so everyone's paying top-dollar for them.  Hilarious.  :D
is having fun learning the 12 Principles of Animation.  Also, I drove on a road for the first time yesterday.  Don't worry
just told *PROPNAME* died.  There was a short pause.  "We need a new *PROPNAME*."  Nice.
s hamster died last night. :(
Tuition at Rhode Island is 35 grand!!
The girl walking me to my classes today asked me if I played any sports.  HAHAHAHA HA ha ha ha...Ahh, that's funny.  Silly cheerleaders.
might need to make an easier "how-well-do-you-know" quiz.  Go take it and tell me.  
just found out that you lose your sense of smell when you sleep.  Interesting.
does NOT like this *PROPNAME* chick!  At all!
can't get the freaking pictures on Facebook to work!  I hate that app! >:(
just filled out a survey to get monthly email coupons for ProPlan at Complete Petmart!  Awesome!  ^^
thinks maybe that trying to upload a 9.8 meg photo to crappy facebook isn't such a good idea...
s mom just said, "*PROPNAME*'s right!"  LOL!
*PROPNAME*'s tantrum has finally come to a close.  Phew!  (Read my note for more details 
thinks that people should learn more about a foreign country's customs and be more polite in said foreign country!
s back does not like to tan (or sunburn) evenly!  My back is splotchy again, and this time I didn't even use sunscreen!  >:(
had only 5 hours of sleep last night and somehow feels fine, but will have 7-8 hours of sleep on schooldays and cannot seem to wake up in the morning.  What the crap is that??
really thinks there's NO WAY she'll finish that collage by tomorrow.  Seriously.
finds it funny how absolutely Kung Fu Panda dominated the *PROPNAME* last year.  Even WALL-E didn't stand a chance!  (Oh, yeah, that's what *PROPNAME* was named after. 
finally found her tea diffuser!  It's tea time, biyotch!  ...Hmm, am I allowed to say that?  Guess I'll find out when I'm grounded for a week...  
s Venus' fly trap caught its first bug: a little gnat.  Aww, they grow up so fast...
LOVED the new Family Guy the other night.  Watching the Disney scene was a lot of fun.  On that note, it's all animated in Korea.  What is up with that?  Can't we animate our own shows in our own country?!
has a new cell number: (229) 251-4618.  Save it now.  SAVE IT!
had a half day today!  Yay!
New Bones yesterday, new Soup and Dog Whisperer tonight, and new Simpsons and Family Guy Sunday!  And I've brought my science grade up from an 84 to a 91!  WOOOO!
Really needs to plan out the next two days carefully... Hmm...  ¬_¬
s mom is playing Scrabble.  Mom: "What the heck does 'rehem' mean?  Oh, wait
is alive.  You should try it sometime
jumping on the lyrics-for-status bandwagon: Don't let apathy police the populace, we will march across those stereotypes that were marked for us. The answer's obvious
watched the President's speech yesterday.  Wow, I'm SOOO indoctrinated!  [//sarcasm]  Stupid radical jerks...
tiny fingers...can't type...pinky hurts...too many octaves...Why? Why, genetics, why?
thinks people should either do something or shut up and deal!  We were the (pretty much) first country to have a peaceful transfer of power between political parties.  Let's go back to those times, shall we?  If you're not gonna do anything about what you don't like, then please, shut up and leave everyone else alone. kthxbi.
s weird cat came inside not for a bowl of food, but for a bowl of water.  I poured some water over near where he was outside and he came trotting over straight into my arms!  XD
WHAT?  WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME THAT ZOMBIELAND WAS FILMED AT WILD ADVENTURES?!  So those guys trying to recruit LHS students for a "big movie making fun of zombie movies filmed near WA and in the woods" were actually legit!  OMG I have to go see it! Also, all you people in Valdosta fail for not telling me about it! 
can't believe how many restaurants and stores didn't have their flags at half-staff today!  How can you possibly forget what today is, especially if the building right next to you has theirs at half-staff?  9//11 <3
New cell number: (555) 555-5555
helps the police, because nice police are nice to me! XD
Serving God is doing good to man, but praying is thought an easier service and is therefore more generally chosen.
just posted her Amazon Christmas list on here.  Be sure to read the notes at the top!!
"The role of Bruce Wayne//Batman was originally offered to *PROPNAME*, but he turned it down." WHAT??!
would like to remind everybody that we live in a multicultural society composed of more than just Christians, that this country was NOT built off of Christianity (in fact, many of our Founding Fathers were Deists, not Christians) and the only ones keeping Christ out of Christmas are the people who insist on filing lawsuits for not saying "Christmas" instead of spending their time caring for others!  Happy Holidays!
just got back from camping.  I feel so disgusting...
thinks that maybe if more real guys were more like *PROPNAME* from Dragon Age, she might be more willing to date.  Yes, I seriously just said that.
*PROPNAME*. 
thinks *PROPNAME* deserves yet another apology from Warner Brothers.  For multiple reasons.  How do you leave out the big, climactic battle scene of a book?  How does that happen?  And then you turn around and add in an entire scene that not only didn't happen, but also makes no sense whatsoever.
is watching the Dog Whisperer where an aggressive Chihuahua rules all the pit bulls at a pit bull rescue!
freakin. Loves. Photoshop.  Now if only I could find some classes...
doesn't know what to do for some people for Christmas!  D:
is frustrated...
got her game fixed!  Almost done, now...just a few more rooms, then off to the evil dragon!  I have a feeling something bad's gonna happen.  Just a hunch...
just watched a documentary on 9//11 conspiracy theorists.  Those have got to be the most low-down, small-minded, egotistical, self-centered, uncaring, ignorant, heartless monsters I have ever seen.
Ugh, nevermind.  Got stuck and had to backtrack.  Might as well do all the side quests while I'm at it.  Maybe I'll finish by freaking Friday...
feels pretty confident about the Chemistry test tomorrow.
Wow, DA is tossing out achievements like crazy.  Good ones, too.  Also, I cannot type today to save my life.  I can't tell you how many times I had to hit the backspace while typing this. X-l
"The world may end in 2012 but this show won't." XD LOL!
Hmm, that wasn't too bad. Had me worried for a minute.  I've certainly seen worse endings. Like freakin' Fallen! Seriously, what the crap was that?! Anyways, not bad. ^^
Huh. I stand corrected.
Why? Why does BioWare have to be so mean to me? I KNOW Mass Effect 2 is out! Leave me alone! DX#SEPARATOR#A vegetarian delight
can't wait for the ex x-box
chose cake
Kindergarten report cards
The State (on DvD Tues)
Only theater in the area is in Chicago....
"I have a $1.57 and a nickel"
thinking of enlisting
anxious boredom fatigue
Anyways back to DR...
You can not have my blood
L5R
Perseid Meteor Shower
Anyone interested in going to Summerfest?
I have to admit SWtOR has one awesome trailer
"We know nothing about their language, their history or what they look like. But we can assume this: they stand for everything we don't stand for. Also they told me you guys look like dorks!"
#NAME?
#NAME?
Sometimes I think a Busou Renkin cosplay would be hilarious, then I stop and remember Papillon
I do not understand my fascination with horoscopes
Error
has to wonder if West Allis is still manufacturing bomb parts
"I've always loved the flirtatious tango of consonants and vowels, the sturdy dependability of nouns and capricious whimsy of verbs, the strutting pageantry of the adjective and the flitting evanescence of the adverb, all kept safe and orderly by those re
Even at such a young age, I understood the weight of the World
I am fresh *PROPNAME*
I think I need a new Spirit Animal
If anyone is going to be on campus, please contact me (Preferably by text).
Hands on the Bible
Sweet tendrils grasp at my breath. Enticing wisps of freedom.  Euphoria escapes in an exhalation
Finally Feels like Fall
Cat Nap
I am a somewhat Dark//Morbid Individual, and yet Nana makes me cringe...
"It's like turning air into gold"
"Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box, they tumble blindly as ..."
fml
Looking for the light at the end of the tunnel
As a side note: this is some Delicious Mac & Cheese!
Delicious new gaming material
This cat will not leave me alone...
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
So many good movies
Philosophical Sundays
Insomnia gets things done
People should learn to leave messages...
...And I Sleep
From Anomynous: "These vampires need to either get naked or die"
Storm Clouds and Dirty Windows
http:////www.gametrailers.com//video//this-is-dragon-age//58530
Sleep is for Suckas
No one in ZOMBIELAND should die because they cannot afford a chainsaw, and no one should go broke because they get bit. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
Just one of those days
Does my insomnia breed mania or does my mania quell my fatigue?
want's to have my cake and eat it too.  Also, a prize hidden in the center.
Finally watching season 4 of Lost
Farscape is 10 years old...
"You can't blame Mad Scientists for doing mad science"
There be a baker's dozen of Turkeys in my backyard
Fine weather for a walk
in an unusual music mood
is a Fool but also a Dreamer
"The Queen says no to pot smoking FBI members"
Was not aware of the streaming video at the ECA meeting last night....
"On the Radio" is playing on the radio.  *insert ever so slight chuckle*
You would think by now I would have learned to not answer the door, when Insomnia knocks
Back into playing DDO.  Anyone interested in joining in hit me up on aim
I think I just dreamt about trade and commerce...
Technical Difficulties.  Please Standby
Lets make the most of this Year
Anyone participating in Allods Online Closed Beta?
Can't Sleep, clown will eat me
I think I need a new MMO...
Fear and panic in the air
boar dumb
To Campus!
Sleeping children fear not for the Sun brings a new day
Like a madman laughing at the rain. A little out of touch, a little insane
"I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments."
And now I am covered in glitter...
And sweating like demons they scream through our speakers But we leave the sound on 'cause silence is harder
“Being drunk is a good disguise. I drink so I can talk to assholes. This includes me.”
If there's no one beside you when your soul embarks. Then I'll follow you into the dark
Tasty Tasty *PROPNAME*
Good Times Were Had
All Hail the king of dunces. You best hold on I am opening up my mouth
Something Note Worthy
techno colored beats
Really do not care for my hyper metabolism
Prisoner by my own design
"Really? You have to remind yourself to raise American Spirits?"
is Sick and blames You
La Dee Dee 1 2 3 *PROPNAME* the Half a Bee
Still need to see Across the Universe
"Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is."#SEPARATOR#screw work and making yet another trip to social services to reapply for food stamps.  I just want to write :(
At last, award goes to *PROPNAME* for succeeding in getting me adequately smashed to incite vomiting (unless it was the bibim bap...)
take on me.
had about 15 billion dreams last night and remembers all of them. Nice work, hippocampus :)
apparently, cotton-top tamarins like alien music.
me: so he had cerebral palsy?  *PROPNAME*: yeah, you could tell because his hand was all doodly-doo.
life's a sexually transmitted disease.
never despair, but if you do, work in despair. writing
As long as people are still having premarital sex with many anonymous partners while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment, I'll be sound as a pound!
thinks your Osama looks like a dirty wizard
okay... going to try some techniques to facilitate lucid dreaming
the gods are angry today
is alive
is back.. with 21 pages of Fabulous notes to transcribe
ugh, must finish this book by Christmas, as it is surely the only meaningful thing I've done with my life thus far.
hump day!
is going to be productive when she's finished being lazy
was quite productive today :) Time for Irish car bombs.
the sky is falling
is floating around... 20 lightyears above the equatorial symmetry plane and about 28,000 lightyears from the galactic center of a large, spiral-shaped conglomeration of at least 200 billion stars.
the pigman would give YOU a ride if he had a car
I don't mean to be obnoxious, but maybe it would help if I saw more of you.
is being fabulous in California
is feeling pretty peppy, thanks to my buddy caffeine
loves these new, extra-antisocial headphones that create a symphony orchestra inside her brain
is not like other humans sometimes
is putting all her eggs in one basket, counting her chickens before they are hatched, and pausing to inspect the angle and shape of a gift horse's incisors.
aquarium date night?  ooh la la
sometimes when life sucks, you gotta get yourself a lollipop and suck back.
come on, scratch my back. It'll be a funky adventure.
loses every time.
the real trouble with reality is that there's no background music
haha.. I kick ass at dirty scrabble
is going to try working out drunk.
riding my bike in the fall makes me happy.
had 3 different dreams of being stalked by big cats last night. what's the symbolic meaning there?
today was a highly venomous day... 4 timber rattlers & 3 copperheads.
attempting to leave my body for a bit.
*PROPNAME* to her brother: why do you have a skull? *PROPNAME*: yeah, I have a skull.  It's from upstairs.
is headed for Boston to be with her lovers... *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* are happy :D
likes the feeling of wasabi high in her nasal passages
And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking.               Racing around to come up behind you again.               The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older.               Shorter of breath and one day closer to death.
writing stabilizes me in this dimension :)
applying for grad school... sucks balls.
loves crazy people. (almost as much as coffee).
is about 65% oxygen, 18% carbon, 10% hydrogen, 3% nitrogen, 1.5% calcium, 1% phosphorus, 0.35% potassium, 0.25% sulfur, 0.15% sodium, 0.05% magnesium, and 0.70% copper, zinc, iron, and caffeine.
nothing like watching monkeys have sex on a biweekly basis
enjoys teasing barred owls.
if FSU were a guinea pig, it would be *PROPNAME*. No offense, *PROPNAME*.
is worried that academics have no real meaning in their lives.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
run *PROPNAME*, run! (the loggers are coming)
guess what? fo yo birfday, instead of diamonds or flowers or any kindza real gift, you get my penis!
life is like a box of chocolates... too much marshmallow and not enough nuts.
I just realized I have the perfect brother... he is just so wonderful in every way, AND he is a musician! How lucky am I? BUT... he doesn't make his moves in Scrabble 
at long last, resuming my love affair with my favorite sexy serial killer :D
is smoking a cigar to get warm.
well.. my old shaver turned that shower scene into an Alfred Hitchcock film...
thinks imperfections are lovely.
dreams of faraway places basically all the time now...
just saw FOUR timber rattlesnakes!! Thanks, *PROPNAME*! :) And I am SO much better at finding them than *PROPNAME*.
ahhhhh... restless.
can I just observe crows?
got to hold a woodcock this weekend! Sweet like bee saliva :)
headed to bed with my centipede.
he said, "no money.  But, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness." So I have that going for me.
day of phone dates with trappers & furbearer biologists... ooh baby!
it was hot! it was hot.
*PROPNAME*:   This is a deliberate insult against me and my people. *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME*: Who the fuck are his people?  *PROPNAME*:   I don't know... little scientists, I guess.
come on, somebody tell me how everyone's getting these symbols on Fb. this is just too much.  Hey guess what else? 199 pages.  Got-to-crank-out-one-more...
is designing a lovely tattoo... yes, I realize I have a stack of papers to grade. Coffee break soon.
appreciates this special time of year when you're a misfit if you don't dress & behave like a freak :)
the universe is a symphony and the laws of physics are harmonies of a superstring. How beautiful.
hmm.. if I were a fly, I'd be dreaming about devil's tongue. Nite, all
is about to fall out of her bed, out of her clothes, and into the Niiiiiiiiiight Kitchen.
ah, nothing in the world is as beautiful as fresh music.
just broke 200 pages :)
"Life is miraculous
attempting these writing samples, a.k.a., trying to balance on that fine line between  creative nonfiction & academic journal article... tricky business.
needs to learn how to be diurnal & studious.
when life gives you fall apples, eat them.
some painters work with oils, some with acrylics.  *PROPNAME* & I work with dumps.
likes windows. They are very appealing to wandering minds.
where oh where are my headphones... I'm completely lost without them :(
I dare you to touch a slug.
once there was a way to get back home.
my fortune cookie tonight didn't even have a fortune...  :(
hot tamales & Easter peeps & bunnies
accidentally rescued another animal from T&D's...
does anyone else feel 'frustration' in their lower spinal cord, or is my physiology whack?
RIP little Moon Rabbit.
if you give a moose a muffin, you'll end up in a dirty trailer with seven kids and no money.
loves coffee more than LOL Catz love cupcakes.  And unlike LOL Catz, I'm not inbred//illiterate.  I am 68% retarded, however, but that's mostly because I drool.
is expecting... but doesn't know the bunny daddy.
just experienced orthostatic hypotension. trippy.
I used to have a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but I broke it off.
Ahhhh!! what is this strange white stuff coming from the sky?!
Dad & I just took the kayaks out on the lake in a torrential downpour//thunder & lightning storm (father knows best)... no beavers, but lots of migrating black & velvet scoters :)
is a female donkey that drills for a living?
top of the mornin to ya.
is watching FEARnet with *PROPNAME*. Spook is in the air :)
saw several dead rainbows today :(
so Season 4 of Dexter started out crrrraaazy!
proof that soul-shattering, awe-inspiring things can evolve? Music.
is sipping coffee, petting a bunny, listening to music, & dicking around on Fb. How's that for multitasking? I can process chemical, acoustical, tactile, and visual stimuli simultaneously, all while actively avoiding any kind of work AND maintaining homeostasis!
shared bodily fluids with 3 people in lab today & didn't get infected 
I think *PROPNAME* may have attracted a tall chicken & a wolf-girl with her salmon patty trail cam bait.
when life gives you shit, grind it up, freeze-dry it, and extract the glucocorticoids.
we wanted to say you shouldn't suffer this way. We love you, Tuqqy.
growing up is weird.
was unexpectedly mesmerized by how beautiful Pennsylvania is today.
no thesis project. no hope for the future, other than a miracle.
even though yesterday's laborious morning of shoveling would appear to be in vain, I don't have to teach any labs today! Asante sana, rafiki yangu snow :)
as soon as I manage to sit down and start being productive, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* have to start being cuter than ever and that bottle of red on the counter has to start being sexier than ever...
is thamkful she didn't get murdered last night. seriously. and of course, for her lovely fb friends. :)
lend me your ear & I'll sing you a song, but you might not be able to hear it without your ear.
is thinking... if I have a little >2 yrs left to live, why am I still in frostburg?
always gets the studliest pets.
I'm trying, ghandi.
when everything is going wrong, it helps to get ridiculous phone calls from one's two whackjob best friends & be entertained by the cutest, smartest, naughtiest bunny in the world.
s right hand is really, really cold.
wine, chocolate, & guitar = :)
is making CDs and making out with *PROPNAME*.
I will never get my Master's or get out of Frostburg :(
is in less danger of getting a lump of coal for Christmas every year, as we deplete the earth's fossil fuels.
might almost like Bridget's cinnamon, cardamom, & black pepper tea more than coffee!
Avatar makes me proud to be a biologist.
"coming up, it's Man Vs. Wild, followed by Frying Human Meat Putting on Spices and Saving it With Maggots at 9:00." Gotta love Bridget.
CABIN FEVER.
it's really amazing that a meatball can roll under a bush and eventually grow into a meatball tree.
I am the fool
to think we are who we are largely because of the deactivation of Myosin Heavy Chain 16 (MYH16)... fascinating.
in a moment, something poked him in an infuriatingly private place.
hmm, can't wait to try out this "synthetic fermented egg" lure...
hey *PROPNAME*, don't make it bad. Don't eat all the houseplants, chew wires, throw temper tantrums, and break out of your cage.  All you need is love, little man.
computer's broken :( worrying about how many important files I may lose. in brighter news, walked my rabbit around the neighborhood on a leash today.
the dreams are more fun.
road trip with my boy, followed by a play date with a crazy half-Japanese girl & two ferrets.
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious.  It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science.  Whomever does not know it and can no longer wonder, no longer marvel, is as good as dead, and his eyes are dimmed. -Einstein
ravenous black holes, ripples in the space-time continuum, intersex bass taking over US rivers, expectations influencing the wine-tasting experience, the possibility of quantum memory devices... just some of my Science Daily. Truth blows fiction out of the water!
last night, I learned that my little boy (*PROPNAME*) loves wine as much as I do
hmm... has the mystery of the loud neighborhood farting noise been solved?
What's up, Cheese Apple? Your warm, cheesy, buttery, and tart deliciouness? That's what I'm talkin about 
has a naughty bunny.
WOW. All I can say is, I was channeling Deb as I watched that traumatic season finale.
suspects that this nightly coffee + Dexter combo isn't the best for her heart.
a third of a chicken of a bobcat?  Hmm.. yes, *PROPNAME*.
making love to my lollipop, mantis-style.
is imagining her feet buried under the cool, wet sand and being sucked toward the ocean.
is just an earthbound misfit enjoying a Starbucks double-shot espresso
little dee is your hero.
spies and other mysterious persons could track me down almost anywhere today, but they only have ~1 hour.
rediscovered how fun it is to play in 36 inches of snow :)
is gonna get some groovy coyote trail cam pics! you know you're jealous
fly in vaseline :(
mission for the day: find my car under that 8-ft mound of wintry precipitate.
note to self: do not attempt to drive 400 miles in a blizzard ever again.
to the air mattress, my noisy nighttime lover.
s entire day.. maybe even entire life.. is dependent on who wins this dominance interaction between *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*. Go *PROPNAME*!!! If *PROPNAME* throws this one, I will surely be in a sour mood for the rest of the week.#SEPARATOR#has 99 friends, so why is it that I feel the need for one more?
has 99 friends, so why is it that I feel the need for one more?
thinks there is a conspiracy among the soup companies to trick you into thinking that the personal size containers are simply a single serving size when they actually contain TWO servings
Well, the fork-lift job is a no go.  Apparently, he wasn't fast enough - considering he's never driven a fork-lift before - and they don't have time to train him...on to plan B, I suppose
yay...100 friends!
24 hours without the kids -- I miss my babies!
Did anyone see *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* this week on Dancing with the Stars?  Whew...now, that's what I call dirty dancing!
Don's taking a fork-lift test tomorrow to see if he qualifies to bump back in - keep those fingers crossed!
is half way through her weekend conference 
*PROPNAME* fell off the couch last night and fractured the bone just above her right elbow so we spent most of the night in the ER and most of this afternoon at the orthopedics office before bringing her home in a pretty purple cast for Christmas
Merry Christmas, All!  Any Santa sightings?#SEPARATOR#"...when will the GSS end? is BOSE headphone part of the GSS? wanna get one with my pay...when i get my pay..."
"...is hating this job..."
"...life sucks...but god is still good..."
"...moved. now at Wordpress..."
feeling musle tiredness from standing almost a whole day @ TGX...
...plans for taking off on tuesday...
why is my FB so wierd... can't FFS this way... the home page looks funny too...
why has my status become a warzone.... @.@
IAP - A, FYP - B... lols.... GPA still seems safe... =)
Gonna be sleeping soon... For Tomorrow, I needa CHIONG my PROJECT. =)
So Horrible... Reformatting DELL PC at home... Stupid Driver CD... Finally can work... but... ONE by ONE install??? Zzz...
Gonna try need for speed shift on PSP...
OMGOMGOMG... Results release day.... XD
Sleep Time... for tomorrow is work time... =)
wonders if someone is missing the posts from FFS on my wall... xD
Faith 4-1 Dinner: 19th Sep, Meet @ Dhoby Ghaut - 5:30pm. SMS *PROPNAME* to RSVP. Exclusive to my faithfourone batch only. =D
EARTHQUAKE!!!!
1  week left to complete the project... few more features to be implemented... =)
87 Pets on FFS... LOL...
WTH I AM SHAKING ON THE 16th FLOOR!!! EARTHQUAKE!!!
WTH... I do not understand what I am doing with rendermonkey... What values are stored in each component of the semantics... and how the hell I am going to complete that practical.
Why is mocap not in the mocap room?
is wondering what's the actual date for start of modules... xD
Back to work again... =) Working is good... haha...
not gonna be facebooking much tonight...
*PROPNAME* said she was allergic to Pepper! LOL.
*PROPNAME* is a bully... T_T
"...gonna move from Blogger to Wordpress soon..."
Totally no mood to do anything... Stupid smoker that used my admin number... spoil my day only... =(
Anyone know anything about NIS Scholarships? Can explain more to me? haha...
There any problem with FFS Feeds? LOL! Looks like alot of information not displayed there...
*PROPNAME*, I saw BMW Accident with Nissan Sunny around EXPO this morn b4 service, Nissan seemed to get damage less. BMW no airbags came out, Nissan Airbags out. BMW passengers got injury... I know cos BMW driver dad's cell group friend... so... drive safe... =)
Gonna try to re-setup PhysX and add in NxOgre on my com tomorrow... ROAR!!!
@ M Level 4 Photo Studio now...
Please spread the word that the DET FusionX Photoshoot timings are out. CHECK SCHOOL EMAIL! Those GP people who still owe me their resumes... tomorrow is the deadline.
Owe RESUME hand up RESUME! haha...
Please spread the word that the DET FusionX Photoshoot timings are out. CHECK SCHOOL EMAIL!
DET Photoshoot TODAY! Wear BLACK TOP... =D Can start thinking of a pose for your fun shot.
TOMORROW MOCAP CLASS 4-6PM @ COMPUTER LAB! PASS THE MESSAGE TO ALL PEOPLE TAKING MOCAP TMR! FROM MS EDA. DESOC: E-LEARNING TOMORROW DUE TO OPEN HOUSE! CHECK EMAILS!
Not so well today... getting betta...
Finished most of the Mocap Cleanup... Dunno if it looks wierd... should I capture again?
14 more days... Gotta Persevere...
Hi, my name is *PROPNAME*!
14 more days... OGRE WILL BE SLAUGHTERED FIRST!
Slept 7 hours last night from 3am plus while listening to worship songs... =)
DET People doing modules. Take note... Photoshoot is on Tues. Get your black top ready! (:
I want new FB Layout!
Those who still owe me resume... HAND THEM IN! Gonna be up most of the night tonight... PHS @.@
*PROPNAME*, pls help tell the FYP ppl to check email for their photoshoot timing. Thanks.
Facebook Developers, I feel that the new layout needs a shortcut to applications from every site. Probably a button for applications on the top bar?#SEPARATOR#IS SOOOOOO EXCITED 4 THE HOLS
im going away tomoro!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is wantin 2 dye amys hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cookies
hmmmmmm............ its so hot!!!! i'm DIEING!
yea merry x-mas everi1! <3 u!
little brak!!!!!!!!!!!!! yea!!!!!!!!! kenau to me.............. wierd
We'll miss u so so much *PROPNAME*!
hmph
love looks not with the eye but with the mind and therefore, is winged cupid painted blind?
close and i'll kiss u 2moro i'll miss u remember i'll always be true.......... I CANT GET THAT FRIKIN SONG OUT MY HEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#SEPARATOR#ROAR
is well and festive and taking advantage of summer.
I love *PROPNAME*
is on his way to a wedding in the beautiful Peace Garden State.
is looking through West to East.
needs to take fewer joys for granted
is variably responsible
is disorganized and excited for a weekend wedding adventure
is watching the Perseid meteor shower the next two nights.
is spending the holiday drifting down the Huron.
can smell school approching
was chased by veloceraptors for a good hour, at least.
passed a family of ducks, two squirrels, a chipmunk, a raccoon, and a bassoonist on his way to the laundry room.
prioritizes the human over the applied, with mixed results.
stretched
is water-shedding it up and bonfireing it down.
celebrated dusk with the bats of *PROPNAME*
is designing a mausoleum.  Go Halloween.
spent Monday night in a plie of leaves, 150 feet above Lake Superior.
grows less responsible with time.
needs to work on discipline, decisiveness, and time.
spent the evening in an awesome blanket fort, has a thanksgiving potluck tonight, birthday dinner tomorrow, and crazy Canadian adventure over the weekend :D
Thank you, all, for you birthday wishes, and may the holiday bring you peace.
, unexpectedly, really enjoys waking up insanely early to work.
While we might get two, the west coast will get 6 to 9, and my jealousy of Lake Effect Snows grows ever greater.
the Leonid meteor shower, with up to 5000 meteors a night this year, is peaking Monday night from roughly 11 pm until 4 am on Tuesday  :-D
will be fighting with computers continuously for at least the next week.
in the final throes of Archland
is always surprised at how many building materials are made from cyanide, formaldehyde, and uric acid.
just wants to be settled in a great many things.
has had an amazing and adventurous holiday, full of games and leftovers and hitchhiking.
is glad to be.
argh.
is full up of memories of forested shrines, crashing beaches, and one very long, very windy road.
is Monsterballin' (*PROPNAME* is awesome!), then off to a weekend of rockin' out with siblings and relaxing in giant blanket forts.
is settling down for the end of an amazing summer.
is work, school, firepit, Manhattan, school.
is back to school
has three bucks, two bags, one me.
Should get in to Ithaca sometime before morning, and spend the rest of the weekend with amazing people and eccentric 3D models.
is jittery over tchnological complexity and impending deadlines.#SEPARATOR#just took my little babies out of the museum. :~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
has her first meeting with the *PROPNAME* Automation Team today. Are they going to haze me?
sure had fun last night :D
is happy to be home again. Just in time for the hava gorgo mishe.
is hotly waiting the MJ zombie comeback.
is looking at the man in the mirror.
Achievement Unlocked: Death Wish
doesnt think you're beatiful she thinks you're beyond it.
is ohhhhh.
is enjoying this incredibly beautiful sky.
wants a Mojito.
hopes to play Surrealist Games with you tonight. Moustache required.
is trying to get out of Beta too.
loves friends that help clean up the party. And has pretty great friends in general.
is excited for her first Independence Day //*PROPNAME* style//.
just went to her first Phish show! It was great fun, though I'm not sure who spread the rumor that it's ok to use glowstick goo as body paint.
is a standard packet.
is happy she finally got off the Google Voice waitlist //and// got the best phone number in the history of the world.
was A's, is now Z's.
"Do you do the air glock or air shotgun when you hear that song? I do the air glock— that's just my style." 105.3 DJ at the end of MIA's Paper Planes
loves her new *PROPNAME* haircut, even though the bangs were sticking straight up into the air this morning.
listening to *PROPNAME* (I'm guessing?) being very very wonderful on NPR.
has another show maybe! With *PROPNAME* maybe!!!
is about to enjoy the hell out of this day.
s katamari is mostly tools, gears, clamps.
got a literal ant in her pants!!!!!!!!!!!! (It bit her omg?!?!?!!)
almost killed herself with a kettlebell!
finds it funny to fit her whole life in such little, little boxes. Is 'funny' the right word?
oh, Canada!
has, for two years, tried to open her apartment door with her studio key every single night. Today she actually tried with the remote car key. A first!
wonders if the electric eel would make a good spirit animal.
sudo reboot
is heading home for some sensory deprivation (and *PROPNAME*'s? anyone?)
"well you have a 1//d integral too, but you want to integrate across the entire prostate!"
saw so much magic last night.
is feeling Shady.
loves workouts that involve kicking and punching the best.
is rebooting in Safe Mode.
one more robot learns to be something more than a machine.
is prototyping gantries for butt-robots (mostly out of Lego).
is curing cancer with an egg-laying butt-robot, one prostate at a time.
is gonna miss *PROPNAME*'s Illin' With the Will-Man until its Fall comeback.
is seeing *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*! :D
is wearing paint-free jeans (& gives them a day at best).
scratch *PROPNAME*, replace with *PROPNAME*. Divine.
loves America.
is getting down with the OPD.
is taking the trouble to blow her bubbles away.
adores this week of seeing all her super talented musician friends play! You all impress the hell out of me.
is playing Xbox and Legos alone... unless there are any humans around that want to play with me???
keeps failing *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* (Expert)!!!!!!! >:0
just got fog roll'd.
is finally making art again.
just got scolded for reckless soldering. My bad KG!
just built a totally awesome interactive Cyborg Trinity map. <3 GMaps API <3
couldn't find wire strippers so is just using shop scissors. BAM.
is ready for dancing!
hears some sort of kitten meowing from 35,000ft and getting closer.....
can forget that even small things leave a big wake.
had to run down the street with two bungee ropes across her hips, towing her trainer as he sang "This Land Is My Land".
FLEW A KITE WITH HER FEET TODAY AND IT WAS 100% AWESOME.
loves driving on 1.
can't wait to meet the tiny new *PROPNAME*! Happy 0th!!
is having the loveliest last week//end with all you lovely lovely people.
looking forward to LADIEZ NIGHT at Smitty's :D
ran back for her laptop when the firebell went off in Etcheverry. For shame!
needs help. Is my artist name "*PROPNAME*" or "*PROPNAME*"?
knows there are meteors behind those clouds.
is in her studio for the last time.
just heard 'In the Hall of the Mountain King' on the radio. Then 'Cold As Ice'. Ah, it's like being home with my family.
is wandering around San Francisco in the rain <3
is totally *PROPNAME* circa 1962.
needs to know guys, seriously, what to do with this squid.
loved San Francisco a little extra from the back of a Ducati.
placed her first order (Chumby guts) to a shipping zip of 10014. Going to celebrate with Bibimbop and some Korean beer.
is feeling 23 ways at once. But mostly ready for a party.
just took the loveliest walk.
had her purse stolen last night and is back to phonelessness. Dammit!
alligators twice, solders once.
was assumed to be one of the other artist's assistants... but found a cozy little spot for the hygros on the killing floor.
is lucky to have friends like *PROPNAME* around to point out that a glass desk will lead to serious laser mouse frustration.
is hangin' with *PROPNAME*.
is deliriously happy from this week of reunions.
is a cube!
has tried hot glue, electrical tape, cigarette filters and zip ties to collar this stepper motor for a superlight turnbuckle. What gives?! Any suggestions?
doesn't know what she would do without the Comptons. Or how she got so lucky to have them as friends. <3!
"You're like a disheveled doll. You know when you give a doll a hairdo, then it's never quite the same after? That's what your hair looks like." -LH
don't let Jesus push on her table leg.
is finally happily making art in her apartment. Just had a delivery guy come in, look around quietly then say, "Can I ask what is going on in here?"
is hiding out.
loves a 23rd.
KLo ftw!
"oh hi i am laura 3.0, i live in new york and wear a sweater cape" -JJC
seeks goldfish companion.
is 11:11, 11//11.
will be at ArtZone 461 in San Francisco, Jan 9 - Feb 7. The Seduction of Duchamp 2: *PROPNAME*'s Revenge!
anyone (ahem Dermot O'Deady, *PROPNAME*) want to Rock Band 2nite? Hollatcha girl.
"when i become secretary of state, ill recommend you to the president for something cushy, like chief of mission to the duchy of luxembourg. or, if you piss me off between now and then, you're getting somalia" -MH
is still reeling from Blue Hill at Stone Barns last night. Unreal.
always provided that ‘this testemonye of joy be careful done without any danger or disorder'.
dreamt about Nonja all night.
oh, *PROPNAME*! You make a robomama proud! From *PROPNAME*'s article: "Ultimately, our empathy towards *PROPNAME* (ascribing human-like traits to her actions and form) is what makes her teaching so successful. Without anthropomorphizing her, viewers would have minimal desire to explore the perception of a robot. Yet...
OMG! The first baby of my generation in the Clan has been born!! Congrats to *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*!!!!! <3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had a ridiculously fun reunion with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, and is heading over to see the *PROPNAME* before catching a plane home! See you tonight, America!!!
misses you, DFL.
just saw *PROPNAME* get tired & redock himself and is having MAJOR HEART MELT :~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
has seen him twice, so it's official. *PROPNAME* lives in this building. Any bets on how long it takes me to get on the Robot//Bear Talk Show?
it just started snowing at exactly 13:37.
is making internets!
just went upstairs to find *PROPNAME* reading icanhascheezburger. Success!
is back to her old life in the new world.
spilled the beans about the squid corpse in her freezer during the robotics team meeting today.
mended a giant American flag today and it felt Good.
looks forward to seeing your beautiful (moustachioed) faces tonight: Artzone 461 -> 500 Club -> ???, !!!
Internet on a BART?? Unheard of!
found the Wikipedia article on Common Sense vandalized
finally has 666 devilish friends. Now what to do with them all?
"You have your fear, which might become reality, and you have Godzilla, which _is_ reality." -*PROPNAME*
is going to give herself a massive, robot-induced coronary before the day is through.
Happy National Penguin Awareness Day! (I may be international at the moment, but at least this city is appropriately desaturated.)
From the "my family is ridiculously awesome" department, my sister leaves for Haiti today. *PROPNAME*!!!! Be careful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also, tell *PROPNAME* I say hi.
is (??? ) ???~.
finally has snow of her own <3.#SEPARATOR#necesito TODOS los negativos POSIBLES de fotos... si tienen plzzzz démenlos!!
I'm a victim of my own insides. There was a time when I wanted to know everything...It used to make me very unhappy, all that feeling. I just didn't know what to do with it. But now I've learned to make that feeling work for me. I'm full of emotion and I 
MATO a *PROPNAME*!
ENTRÉ!!!!!!!!!! :)....
foto editing day
feria del queso en Turrialba...arooo
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows your dead...
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil know your dead...
pintando ojos...
"Hippy is an establishment label for a profound, invisible, underground, evolutionary process. For every visible hippy, barefoot, beflowered, beaded, there are a thousand invisible members of the turned-on underground. Persons whose lives are tuned in to 
amando el clima! happenstance
and so it goes...
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge. -*PROPNAME*
dem gracias a todos los que vinieron, me ayudaron dem!!!! *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* gratcie por tocar  y poner todO! son exitosos...
15 minutes of fame: 18 de *PROPNAME*
By allowing all of life's colors to penetrate us, we become more integrated...
“Feelings are not supposed to be logical. Dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions.” *PROPNAME*
lunes día de trabajo....
i am a chinese hippie
“It is only too true that a lot of artists are mentally ill- it's a life which, to put it mildly, makes one an outsider. I'm all right when I completely immerse myself in work, but I'll always remain half crazy.” *PROPNAME*
“Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. Ask questions, then feel the answer. Learn to trust your heart.”
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=K3LF-cTzkWU
playitaaaa...!!! video week
…The photograph should be more interesting or more beautiful than what was photographed...  ---*PROPNAME*.
thinks that no one should be afraid to go to the doctor because they can't afford it, no one should go broke because they get sick, and no one should die because they could not afford care. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
“It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.” *PROPNAME*
Distance tests a horse's strength. Time reveals a person's character....
"Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really. Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, So go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success." – *PROPNAME*
tengo dem problemas...
“Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler.” -Nietzsche
whom that i know and have not seen in agesss lives in NY city???? flying in this coming saturday and shall be staying for a week!! :)
You can't always get what you want. But if you try, sometimes you'll find what you need. -Rolling Stones
“Be the change you want to see in the world.”
The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself.     -*PROPNAME*
MOMA al fin... union square and such...shoe shopping...
....Soy un aprensivo, me sigue la enfermedad, soy un tío vivo, soy un tipo de verdad. Soy caro cuando hay vicio, soy igual desde el principio y hasta el final es lo que tengo, es lo que hay, tengo una paja mental, que ya no sé de qué va....
NY is the BEST!
MIL gratci a TODOS por las congratulations :)
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight
o be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight
Yuppie (short for "young urban professional" or "young upwardly-mobile professional") [1] is a 1980s and early 1990s term for financially secure, upper-middle class young people in their 20s and early 30s.  [2]. Although its first usage was as a media catchphrase, it eventually became somewhat derogatory in nature.
QUIERO Nicaragua y el ghetto otra vezz!!!! sonambulear por San Juan del Sur...
“A veces uno es manantial entre rocas y otras veces un árbol con las últimas hojas. Pero hoy me siento apenas como laguna insomne con un embarcadero ya sin embarcaciones una laguna verde inmóvil y paciente conforme con sus algas sus musgos y sus peces, sereno en mi confianza confiando en que una tarde te acerques y te mires, te mires al mirarme….”
"Self-observation brings man to the realization of the necessity of self-change. And in observing himself a man notices that self-observation itself brings about certain changes in his inner processes. He begins to understand that self-observation is an instrument of self-change, a means of awakening.” ---alguien
domingo de descanso total
No soporto al artista cuya principal motivación sea la provocación. Creo que los grandes provocadores lo son sin proponérselo...         -Pedro Almodovar
TALLER TRIPARTITO PRENDAS NUEVAS A LA VENTA.... vestidos, camisas y pantalones! ABIERTO DE 11am - 8pm LUNES - SABADO!
“I do not fear failure. I only fear the "slowing up" of the engine inside of me which is pounding, saying, "Keep going, someone must be on top, why not you?" ---*PROPNAME*
“Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.”
KAP BAMBINO YAYYYYYYY!
HOY ArTCitY TOUR pasa por CasaTripartito, nuevas prendas Tripartito+performance por la PieldeNaranjayLaQuince + EXPO CARLOS DE PAZ celebrando 15 años de unión con *PROPNAME* Galería.... Cierre en el Bar Steinvorth!
en montevideo donde rodri que es un amor.... a ver a dani y ern.... con los umpis :)
montevideo es lo MAS!
stress-free... finally
FELIZ AÑÑOOOO TODOSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ BUENOS AIRES: ARGENTINA :)
últimos días en buenos aires..... jardínes, warhol, cuero, y más carne!
“When we are debating an issue, loyalty means giving me your honest opinion, whether you think I'll like it or not. Disagreement, at this stage, stimulates me. But once a decision has been made, the debate ends. From that point on, loyalty means executing the decision as if it were your own.”
feliz navidad a todossss.... @ aeropuerto Lima
Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. It is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion. --oscar wilde
14 de marzo: GAURA MANTRA FEST: JACOB KARPIO GALERIA
...Los amorosos andan como locos  porque están solos, solos, solos,  entregándose, dándose a cada rato,  llorando porque no salvan al amor.... -*PROPNAME* (se me había olvidado la poesía, gracias jess)
whitney museum.... media biblioteca... mañana MOMA, Union Square...
---I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without kn
jazz is so pleasant :).... bliss
“Men are like a fine wine. They all start out like grapes, and it's our job to stomp on them and keep them in the dark until they mature into something you'd like to have dinner with.”  *PROPNAME* quotes
Press on- nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
....Que no te falte capacidad, para discernir el mas aca, del confuso mas alla, que es realidad aparte.....  --(bunbury)
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it. -----Grouch Marx
Morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace. ---Oscar Wilde
Everything is fine until it isn’t. And then you deal with it.
“If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.” --*PROPNAME*,
insomnia... :-#SEPARATOR#had the worst surf session of my life!
just got 16 orders all at once. sick.
is beat!
drove over 250miles throughout LA!! Just for work orders today. Sick.
whats up with real estate REO agents lately?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks.
you down for some party bus action this friday to dive bars around the beach? let me know asap.
best week of surf, worst week for the company. dunno how to feel bout that.
taking the rest of the day off.
longest day ever and tomorrow will be worse. super!
at the beach... then work. priorities.
3 days in a row of super fun surf!!!... should prob work sometime this week.
hungry. fee me.
depression... day before 26. lame
still feeling it
off to work! lame.
had the biggest week in my company's history and its only Tuesday! yay! www.cdmpropertypreservation.com
on my way to berkeley!!!! cheese board here i come:)
off to work, then to surf.
buying my flight to hawaii... yes, that is right brian. 7 days. that translates to getting a job as a cabana boy and never coming back to the mainland.
need new clients!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to surf, eat no ka oi, then work.
wants the webber mini fish!!! looks so good.
happy hour = bad idea.
is moving to spain!!! no, new zealand. yay. come visit.
off to see COMPANY OF THIEVES. pumped to slay later.
still hungover!! but well worth it.
partyin HB side with tools and my friends.
back to school. on the path to becoming a Physician assistant.
cmon weekend! good shit on the way. ooo oooooo.
Cannot find episode 13 season 1 of MAD MEN!!! what the frick internet!
driving to the LBC.
afi out today. yay
Going to Laughlin???
still dont get the point of the GRE.... who made up these fn words?
frustrated and need motivation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
surfing sloat in the AM. yay!
dexter is so money
served.
just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin. feels wrong.
surf, then continue trying to slay the GRE.
start my new life on monday.
forgot the most important paperwork for tomorrow in LA!!! #@#!@!#R#%#!!!!
it's unpatriotic and Terrorist-embracing to do anything but praise the President like some sort of college cheerleader... Calling people unpatriotic and comparing them to Terrorists for failing to fulfill their solemn duty to praise the President on his Special Day and mindlessly support his accolades isn't clever or tough politics.  It's weak, counter-productive, unprincipled, dumb and dangerous. --*PROPNAME*.
glad i got the flu vaccination. $30 to feel like i have the flu. well spent.
sooooo spent! sleep.
actually excited to be up this early!
would be nice to get some good surf without having to drive allllll the way south
obama won the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! LAAAAAAAAMMMME!
need to go back to sleep!!!!!!!!!!
has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10//24. $26.
is now trained in changing adult diapers, moving from gurney to bed, and bathing patients. one more step closer to my MPA!!
i dont get it. baseball is super boring.
Just bought my three nights in San Fan! *PROPNAME*.
anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing GRE words?!!!! or stuff they can email me?
has an extra Company of Thieves ticket for tomorrow night at the HOB. Lemme know if you want it!! $30
best surf in a while. cant stop smiling. whos going tomorrow?
cannot focus on my exam!!!!!
usc can lick my balls
have an extra Tiger Army ticket for tomorrow night in Hollywood.
T minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters... ill be old too.
anyone wanna surf in the am.... after 10???????!
bout to surf under the golden gate!... before the surf is too huge. hi erik. im sitting next to you
practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought. haha
The new MUSE is intense! DUcks game 2nite. yay putos.
off to san fran.
anyone know of a place where I can take a condensed organic chem class??
start "insanity" tomorrow. eek.
better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time!!!! so mad right now.
red wings blow
whos in SF and is going out tonight?
going out for the first time in a loong time and my only chance for a long time.
iTunes is soooo bad! im going broke.
cant believe the Ducks traded Pronger! Morons.
last trauma exam tomorrow! ooo ooooo!
surf was amazing this morning. sooooooooo ready for life now.
class 8am - 5pm! snap son.
Gosh darn it!!!! I just saw a group of 5 Jehovah’s witnesses outside my neighbor's house!! That means they are on the way to my house! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home
Practice question for my EMT exam "its early afternoon and the alarm sounds You are called to a scene at a railroad one of the workers is trapped between 2 cars. He is alert and tells you that as soon as the cars are moved he will die. He asks that you leave him alone with his wife and to do nothing heroic. which emotional response to death is your patient exhibiting?" ...uhhhhh how intense is that?!
just bought some rad GRE test prep supplies. Super excited.
final EMT exam and skill exam this week!!! eeeeek.
frick! my chem class is filled up already and i need it or the next two years of my life is messed up!!!!!
damnit ducks!!! WIN SOMETHING!!!
c'mon! couldnt there be a LITTLE SURF on my one day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tiger Army and Bleedning Through! FriggnA
i am thankful for yams.
http:////www.hulu.com//watch//67878//the-future-of-food?c=News-and-Information
have an extra Company of Thieves ticket for next tuesday's show. who wants to go?
2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft.and fair to good conditions.
bored and over reading about emergency medicine... this shit can be depressing as hell!!!!
anyone have extra tickets to the rise against show?
the new dexter was bulllshit!!! cant kill rita!!! im seriously sad.
being sick is the cooolest.
going to the AFI rise against show tonight.  I have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723.
freakin beat and super hungry.
God, i love the Onion.
passed the national EMT exam
mmm, just planned vegas 2009. 23 days and counting.
howard zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at UCLA tomorrow. Whos coming with me?
hahah wheeler hall is under siege
arrrr!!!!!!!!!!! my only day off and NO surf.
off to RISE AGAINST with gman and blade. you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks. you know youre jealous.
off to colorado!!!
so sick kill me now
arrrrrrrr why did they cancel TRAUMA!?
finishing two work orders today then camping tonight and surfing alllll day tomorrow! holler!
has extra tickets to KROQ almost accoustic Xmas... lemme know if u want them.
yay! just got assigned to the Emergency Department for my next rotation at HOAG. super pumped.
start my Emergency Department training tomorrow!! Oo, OOO!
packing for the move back to berkeley. so pumped for some cheeseboard.
total cost for books $310 via school website. I paid $44 for ALL of them on Amazon. How rad is that?!
finally found the chem class that i need!!! its in oakland... just enrolled and get to move back to Berkeley!!!!!!!!
wants to be rich!!!!!!!!!!!!!! filthy. c'mon lotto...
needs some surf!!
so pumped to be moving back to berk!!1 oo, ooooooo!!!
fn bored!!! hi east bay!! where are my old friends??? im hanging out with a chem book all day. and to make things worse, there are no waves anywhere... losing my mind.
has an extra ticket to the Ducks// Sharks game tonight. section203 row M... only the best seats in the house. $26!! Plus you get to sit by me.
online traffic school is exciting.
if you know anyone that works for an ambulance company in the east bay, let me know!!!
c'mon ducks! kill it! i wanna do you
scored a rad position at HOAG hospital as a Clinical Care Extender. On my way to a masters in PA science! holler.
so happy to live in a country where you pay for your education. grand idea!
first day in the ER tomorrow. intense!
on my way to berkeley... im broke need to find an EMT job asap. Sent me $$$. thanks
chemistry is like being punched in the brain.
EMT exam has got me stressssssssing!!!!! ahhhhhhhh. too much crap
can decided whether to be on the USA side or the CAN side for hockey??? leaning canada....#SEPARATOR#is attic apartment and tornado don't mix...the question is where to take cover?
is wondering why it's not sunny.
Grand slam D *PROPNAME*!!!!
has successfully completed scuba dives 1 and 2!
canoeing during a severe thunderstorm with hail...not a good idea.
Is packed and ready to go to San Francisco//Napa Valley!
is let the San Francisco adventure begin!
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day. Nor should people be forced to go without insurance because the cost of... "insuring" oneself is more than their cost of living.
Go Hawkeyes!
Is now a certified scuba diver!
Go HAWKS!!! Survived the cold and pulled out a win!
is boycotting the 30% chance of rain//snow on Saturday.
is headed to India over winter break!
Oh tetanus shot, why must you hurt so much?!
will be tailgating at the Iowa game...no rain please!
Go Hawks! Ranked 9th!
Hawkeyes you almost killed me tonight! Thank god we won!
2 classes down...one essay to go. Almost done for the semester!
is wishing I didn't have to proctor an exam at 7:30 am on Monday...I hate mornings.
Harry Potter was excellent!
is done with her fifth semester of graduate school!
just got the oral typhoid vaccine and wonders how many people actually read the informational sheet provided.  I think their references are a little outdated.
is happy to have a new, working laptop.
The only good thing about the 11 hour bus ride from Chennai to Madurai...we didn't die...despite the multiple attempts by the bus driver. Surprisenly we didn't hit any dogs, pedestrians, bicycles, motos, cars or trucks...very surprising.
Wonders why the president is wearing a White Sox coat?
I was attacked by a monkey today on the way to Kodaikanal. Luckly he bit my jeans and not my leg since I hear the rabies shot is not a lot of fun.
Go Iowa!
was handed a random baby at the Temple today for a photo opt...Happy Pongal.
is starting the long process of heading home.
is glad the Hawks won even if I was out in rural India and couldn't watch the game.
purchased my first sari and is wearing it to the New Year's party tonight.
Dear Iowa Winter, you win.
Laissez le bon temps rouler!#SEPARATOR#No, I don't want any Patriotic Panties! Stupid facebook ads
Is aparently the new Michael Jackson. The real one will be missed though.
pretty happy after a good weekend, and after getting to go to a party and see some really close PCC friends once more
I'm trying to think of what's on my mind right now
finally got behind the wheel of a vehicle today... and nearly crapped his pance!
is now a permitted driver and organ doner!
Know what sucks, when there is this one person who the first time you saw them you thought they had absolutely one of the most lovable personalities and nicest smiles ever and you try to let them know that they mean so much to you in the little time you have around them and somewhat fail to do that then you keep in touch with them nearly every week you're not around them for a year and you see them only
both times you plan to tell them that and fail each time, so you right one of the longest, heartfelt notes about them to show them the next time you're with them and when you finally find your grand chance to see them and maybe finally tell them that they've meant more to you than anyone else you've ever known you find out that they've just got into a relationship with someone else.
saw airforce one yesterday on Otis Airforce Base.
just got back from a Nickelback concert.
enjoyed doing Thriller on stage at the Oktoberfest
two times in that period,
Snow day! Woohoo! Ha this is my first status update in like three months. Umm, giggidy, giggidy, goo!#SEPARATOR#will be in SJ as of tonight! He'll be in town till Saturday morning so call him and rescue him from the boredom that is his house.
is unexplainably down :\
has one more day in San Jose before he disappears back to the otherness of Sacramento.
has been waking up obscenely early the last couple of days
is finally home :)
is further failing at life. Why do they give me extra bureaucratic hoops when I keep proving that I fail at jumping through them ><
would like the world to know that this next week he intends to BE awesome and fix all of his problems.
loves beautiful music of every shape and size
is home and catching up on facebook :)
is leaving for Anaheim super soon!
had a fantabulous week and would like thank all his SJ friends for making that happen. It was great to see all of you. :D
Is hoping his Sunday will turn out as well as his Saturday did.
Is off to run some errands
cannot fall asleep ><
likes that it really rained last night :)
is tired, and off to bed
Classety Class class class... :\
No one should be frozen in carbonite, or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac, just because they couldn't pay *PROPNAME* what they owe him. If you agree, post this as your status.
a bit of relaxation and then an hour of Beethoven.
Congratulations All-hallowians, I enjoyed a wonderful concert!
needs internal motivation.
has HW for tomorrow and Wednesday that doesn't want to be done
Walk, then HW
Last day of adding... *fingers are crossed*
Home after two rehearsals back to back... whew time for some relaxation then a nice long sleep :)
English English English
another week of school!!! yay.......
Autumn Cleaning Day
thinks it's awesome that he's sitting in his room in a sweater because he left the window open during the day.
Darn you *PROPNAME*'s... my insides are very unhappy :(
Laundry almost done... it was a lovely day for a walk
Yay... beethoven is over!
hates it when people are dishonest. :\
Sleep.
Sunday wasn't quite as awesome, but it was still a good day :P
Hates that he gets home from choir at 9:30 or 10:00 and glee doesn't go up online till about 1 am ><
need some time with my brain... time for a walk
Question... does anyone actually use the poke feature on facebook anymore?
Thinks that chrome has come a long way since the first time he tried it, and has gotten fed up enough with Firefox that he's willing to give it another shot.
Has 8 invites to google wave... I'd love to try it out with anyone that has a shared class with me. Let me know if you want in!
Would like to thank everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes... It's quite pleasant to be harrassed by facebook 1 day a year 
blah....
*PROPNAME* just started working on his first Mozart Aria... a bit late but it'll have to do :)
Is officially a bit of a stupid-head... had this crazy notion that my idiocy might not screw me over for certain but oh well.
And every time I've held a rose, it seems I only felt the thorns
Wowza running tomorrow morning supa early
MUST WORK, but the facebook demands my time!
Transparent#SEPARATOR#thinks that it is impossible to be TOO heavenly minded. Watch. Those who are "too heavenly minded" will do the greatest good here.
A prospering tree does not eat it's own fruit. A prospering tree produces fruit that others might eat.
"knowledge without repentance will be but a torch to light your way to hell"
Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Holy! Holy! Are you Lord God almighty! Worthy is the Lamb, worthy is the Lamb that was slain! Unto you be all glory and honor and praise! May my life bring glory to your name :)
is praying hard to be just one who scatters seed on the earth.
wonders at the absolute absurdity of man's hatred...Christ summed up all the goodness we are capable of in two commands...none of us even follows just one of them.
says happy fathers day! In honor of my heavenly Father, who's never forsaken me or let me down. May you ever be praised, Dad :)
Is going completely insane with anticipation :) T-minus 24 hours til *PROPNAME*'s arrival in Nashville!
God is faithful to His word and to those to whom He has given it
An awakening? Lord awaken the sleeper. Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit. Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son. Break us with fire and build us from the ashes. Come to life you dry, old b
An awakening? Lord awaken the sleeper. Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit. Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son. Break us with fire and build us from the ashes. Come to life you dry, old b
Whatever good I do comes not from me. Goodness is of God, and through me He chooses to make His power known. Thank You, Lord.
is being conformed to the image of Christ. Do you want to be like Jesus? Then you must learn something...you must learn how to love someone who does not meet the conditions. It's not easy, but it's not impossible.
Lord let your glory fall as on that ancient day. Let it fall on both of them. Let your grace be made known eternally and mightily.
When paul says "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me"...I think, "I can do nothing without You, dear Jesus, who strengthens me"
hungers and thirsts for righteousness.
Truly knows so little. Thank You, Oh Lord, that You are wise and You are mighty. Thank You, Lord, that Your grace knows no limits or bounds. I pray You're will be done here on earth as it is in heaven and that we give You glory with our lives.
is. Learning to be at peace and just be is harder than it should be 
will gladly boast in his weaknesses. When I am weak, then He is strong. Your might, oh Lord is endless. Please cover over me. Please cover over your beloved..Lest we  all fall in overwhelming shame under the weight of our imperfections.
let me be one who leans on his staff in the last days...broken and weak, and in that weakness let me lift my hands in honor and praise to He who saved me by His own merit. Thank You dear Father who makes His goodness known in me. May You be glorified.
is a tax collector who standing afar off would not even raise his eyes to heaven. I pray, "God, be merciful to me, a sinner."
stop regarding men. What account is he? --isaiah 2:22.. We are nothing more than a nose-full of breath. Oh man, how frail are you? Why do you expect regard? Why do I?
is a deer panting for your living water. I thirst for the living God and in my thirst I need your rest. Precious Lord, carry me for even at my strongest I lack the strength to stand on my own. Amen
Gimme your eyes for just one second. Gimme your eyes so I can see. Everything that I keep missin, gimme your love for humanity. Gimme your arms for the broken-hearted, the ones that are far beyond my reach...
Jesus. You're the lover of my soul. Jesus. I will never let you go. You've taken me from the mirey place
is excited her :D For serious, that's all i can think about
Because you, oh Lord, are He who created all things, sustains all things, and knows all things. All things came from you, are of you, and will return unto your breast from whence they came. Blessing and honor and glory to you, oh Father. This is the song of my spirit...praising its origin. You. My God.
is excited to see her :D For serious, that's all i can think about
Lord, be my portion. Christ trusted you to provide all the help He ever needed. Let me do the same.
loves being broken. It means I fought hard and didn't give up. I'll wrestle with you, oh God of Jacob, and I won't let go.
thinks its a kind of non-funny cosmic joke that if he really ever does defeat pride...he will find himself proud of his humility. :P Good call *PROPNAME*
Let me know you more deeply and truely, oh Lord. There are none who know you completely, and so I pray that YOU show me. Your ways are perfect and I want my life to sing your praise. Let me walk with love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, and self-control. Against such things there is no law.
Dude, I'm freaking engaged! To the sweetest angel of a fiance ever! Thank you Lord for your love through this woman :D
I love *PROPNAME* 0:)
is anxiously attached. I don't know how to ask for help. And I don't know how to accept it. ---i'll drag my own intestines back to dyer, thank you very much.
"hope in a wasteland of faith
I can't remember when the earth turned slowly...so i'll just wait here with the lights turned out again. I lost my place, but I can't stop this story. I'll find my way, but til then I'm only...spinning
Lord please bless our time together. Its so difficult to go so long without being with the treasure You have graced my life with. I pray that you bring her to me safely and that I pursue her well.
This will probably take a good long while to get used to :) I think I'm still in shock. Haha. I have a fiance. Wow. And not just any fiance
Everlasting, Eternal One, Zealous Conqueror, Creator, Sustainer, Almighty...how can I appeal to your highest pleasure. What can I bring to you that you do not already have? Vanity. Even to define my mission as one to bring you glory is utter foolishness. What can I lift up with these dirty hands? What can I sing with defiled lips?
is waiting on the Lord this morning
To understand how ridiculously excited I am to see my fiance, you must first win the lottery, do somersaults, run a hundred miles effortlessly, wake up to birds chirping, eat a super-yummy meal, and be addicted to oxygen...then you might get close to scratching the surface. Maybe
is examining himself. 2 Cor 13:5. Testing himself to see if he is in the faith. Work out your salvation with fear and trembling for it is God who works in you to will and to act according to His good purpose. Phillipians 2:12-13
we're goin down down in an earlier round...a loaded god complex is pointed right at us. Lord, please be God here. Please bless our hearts of love
bring on this semester :) What fun things will I learn?? Only God knows :) ..someone's always missing from this campus though.. last term without her...sigh*
is with his darling...oh what simple things many take for granted. Thank you Lord for your gift of life. Thank you Lord for *PROPNAME* :)
"I know what lies beyond this life for me is already won. No one can take away the blood that covers over my bones. Without the blood of perfect life I know I'm nothing at all."
is not with his darling anymore :( sad day(s)...Lord, be my sustanence as you always are. Especially now that much of my joy is 700 miles away from me. I love you *PROPNAME*, and I miss you!
"We are the sons of holy wrath,A shining light in the darkThe ones who walk amongst despair,No sign of fear in our hearts"
6am on a saturday is far to early to drag one's self out of bed...ugh, God thank you for this morning..even though I'd like to be sleeping it away...It really is a beautiful morning :)
What makes people happy? Apparently we really suck at knowing what makes us happy. Its a measurable, replicable scientific fact. I dunno why that strikes me funny. lol. Lord, teach us to be joyful in you.
I don't know how it all works. I don't know why. I don't know how. I just am who you made me. I have what you gave me. Let me be yours. Please take all I have as yours. Let me be holy and of you. I desire for my life to boil your vapor from my skin forever. Burn everlasting flame. Flinted face, calloused knuckles, and grinding teeth...my best. That's what you got.
"I believe the world is burning to the ground. Oh well, I guess we're gonna find out"--How far have we come, Lord? Let us make the most of the time we do have here. We waste TOO much time on so many things that don't matter. Its not worth it. Really.
life never seems to stop changing. Its crazy to think college is almost over. Wow. Lord, please guide the steps of my life as it is so formless yet traced before me.
Dude, its freaking snowing!!!!! Yay!!!! Let's play in it!
"I gotta feelin. Woohoo...that tonight's gonna be a good night" :) I like it when prayer's answered sweetly and things work out well. Thanks God :)
So much to say. So much to do. So much to be. So little time. 24 hours is already to small an amount of time. Its hard to be without you.
Does it really take cancer or death to bring us to have a heart for our family? Really? Lord, at this rate, it'll take You coming on the clouds, blowing our minds and shaking us from our complacent lives...complacent in the daily grind. Complacent in our justifiable self-pity. Complacent in our self-centeredness. It'll take You to show us how wrong we all are.
has walked a thousand miles with grace so far. I could walk like this forever...Jesus how can you be so good to me?? May you be praised in every step I take. Always
"I believe it all is coming to an end. Oh well, I guess we're gonna pretend". Ever feel like a five-year-old who is content to cover his//her eyes to feel safe and secure? If I can't see you, you can't see me..lol..I want us all to stop ignoring the important things. They won't go away if you ignore them. I promise.
neoplatonic thinking postulates "the one" is infinite and gives rise, eventually, to this world of 'becoming". Lord you were, are, and forever will be. My one. May I draw all life and thought from Your essential creativity. May I be made to be like Your form. Good.
I like where we are. here :)...except...where's my julie?????? :(((. I don't like where we are anymore...
"No demanding without understanding" --*PROPNAME*
"Ever since the day I was born i've been deciding the end..." let your light guide my way, oh Lord. You are the great shepherd.
As long as I'm alive, I'd die for you. Thank You Lord for your love and Your awakening it within me.
"All these weirdos, and me getting a little better every day...I had never known...that there might be a place for people like us"--*PROPNAME*
"Wilt thou change this world... Or wilt thou change thyself?"...can't i do both?
*PROPNAME*. The spice of life. Apparently its one of my signature strengths :). How can I help make your life more adventurous today? Thank you, Lord, for making me salt and light.
Screw you AXLE
"why art thou cast down oh my soul?" Oh yeah, because my darling isn't here. Lord, this is a high calling indeed.
Thank you, Lord, for today :) The day that three  years ago you let me start to make mine the most amazing woman ever! :) I love you *PROPNAME* :)
Happy Valentine's day everybody! And especially   to my sweet fiancee (with two "e's"), *PROPNAME* , who makes this day very very  special  for me! Hey ya'll don't take for granted that you can hold the  one you  love in your arms. I'd give both of my arms just to see my love  right  now.
Though the air is cold outside, I pray You warm our hearts with Your love.#SEPARATOR#Just updated my profile...Much has changed since college!
Scouty is going to the Doctor...
Holiday is over....crap....
So apperently the owners at my school have decided that they want to make things as complicated as possible...enter new and stupidly expensive computer program!
Happy Brithday *PROPNAME*!!  Have a stadium dog for me!
Back in the ATL, but still just as foggy...luckly work is falling into place without me even doing anything...
Getting ready for my suprize trip to MI...I wish it was under better circumstances
wow, nothing like losing to a MAC team to make me cry...I would like to thank pete for ruining the game for me as well...jurk...
I would give my left ear to be able to watch the big ten network I ordered, thanks for ruinung my game day comcast...
At home, trying to remember who I am related to and witch kids belong to witch cousin....and craving polish food.  In another devolopment, I thought I would be able to escape country music in the north, but in reality it is worse...
Even though my own sister is a blood traider....GO GREEN!!  GO ND!!!
I have a slash in my convertable top.  2 days before I leave for my beach vacation.  Someone is a serious asshole.
Breaking News: At the Atlanta Zoo, an old guy with a long white beard was caught try to lure 2 of each animal out of the exhibits.  It is also reported that he arrived in a large wooden boat...
I am glad to say that my parents arrived in Michigan safely...even if thier bags are lost...
What do *PROPNAME* and the Miami Dolphins have in common? They make 70,000 people stand up and yell "Jesus Christ"...
What is this world coming to when a complete ahole douchebag like *PROPNAME* is making an apolgy tour, but still as not called the girl to personally say I am sorry?  This is the role models for kids?  In a realted note, we will be out of the recession when the Americans who want to work can, not one moment before...I am feeling feisty today...
One of my prospective students just asked me out...is it 3 yet?  This week has been crazy...
*PROPNAME* is terrified of the half deflated mylar balloon outside of our condo, when we went for a walk she barked at it and then peed all over herself when I grabbed it to toss it out.  She is such a frady pup!
The guy next to me getting a mani//pedi tonight reminded me of someone my dad would golf with...kinda reminded me of home until he started singing along with the radio to Ace of Base, Madonna, and Cher.  It was so hard not to laugh!! So Atlanta!
I did not realize that *PROPNAME* (the guy from "to catch a predator") went to MSU, that is actually pretty cool.  He is a bad ass in a turtleneck!
Almost the weekend...only a few more short hours...I think we can make it.
What in God's name happened to cnn.com?
I fell on the way to my car this morning...I hope that is not the predictor of a bad day!
dang...is this what people feel like when the wings take it all??  Personally when the wings take it all in the cup it makes me smile, but for some reason a suprizing number of people are not red wings fans...
*PROPNAME* cant wait to dress up and go trick or treating!
I think quite possibly that MSU is one of the only teams in the Big Ten where the other team can have that many penalties and we still lose...the pizza pizza bowl is a GOAL now...and hockey is sucking a big one...when does basketball start?
Hey Atlanta: you may see my work on the evening news...Some guy was shot in the foot in our parking lot, that we share with the probation office...I have heard rumors he shot himself...
If you push print once....you only get one copy, so dont look at me like a moron when I bring you the 6 other copys from the 6 other times you pressed print...
I think that *PROPNAME* was embarassed that we were blasting the Glee soundtrack while crusing around with the top down...I can't imagine why
My mom and I were talking about all the food that reminds me of home last night, now I am a little home sick.  I love this time of year in Michigan!
I think I am going to start a Book Club with my girlfriends...any of you peaches intersted.  In my mind it will be a good excuse to sit around and drink wine and maybe talk about the book for a few minutes...
I just keep reminding myself...one week until my vacation, one week until my vacation....
NO NO NO *PROPNAME* cannot have a crush on Shoe...
How did a hobbit get on Flash Forward? That show is so crazy...
I cannot believe that I am celibrating going to the Pizza Pizza Bowl...
As much as I love Twlight (Team Taylor!), it is just me, or is it extreeme to be taking kids to see it tonight that are still in elementary school when they have school tomorrow! I guess taking kids period, with the attacks and sexual stuff....
My mouth always gets me in trouble...
Hopefully this week will not kick my butt...I don't think I can take it again
Wow...I should have watched more baseball this year...the twins are playing really well...crap...
So Glee was not so bad...here is the question, is the diva going to tell the ladies and that is how *PROPNAME* is going to find out that *PROPNAME* is the father
Rest in Peace Uga the Bulldog, the world of college mascots morns you today
Maybe it was a seisure?  She seems ok today, no weird movements, eating and drinking, and her cagemate is acting normal...I read online that strokes are common but it doesnt sound like they bounce back that quick...
Since when did you become the center of the universe?
I am dreading glee this week...
Under the cover of shameful darkness, my now former sister became a fan of Michigan football.  Because you did not go there, or any of our family for that matter...that makes you, my former sibling, a WALMART WOLVERINE...yes I went there!  We will see where your loyalties lie when you need a kidney or a piece of my liver...GO NITTANY LIONS!!
This rain has gotten me down today, that and the fact that my flat iron died...bad hair and I am cranky...At least I can look forward to Glee tonight!
Well, I didnt see that coming...
Putting together my coverletter and resume...I think I can I think I can I think I can
What doesnt kill me will make me stronger...
Day looking up, I will be able to exchange the defective flat iron!  I realized that New Moon comes out when I will be home for Thanksgiving, any body want to go see it with me?  Still looking forward to Glee...I feel a little dirty thinking that *PROPNAME* is hot
When doing your Christmas cards, take one or more and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o *PROPNAME* Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW
Is metal block the begining of a mini breakdown?  I feel something coming on...Everything is starting to back up on me...
now I kinda wish it was snowing...just for over night, then after I am able to enjoy it over a cup of coffee then it can vanish!
I hate to say this, but *PROPNAME* Tonight is actually pretty good...having a hard time chosing between that and *PROPNAME* Lately...
So, my tickets for Saturday's Spartan wallop of the *PROPNAME* are in the mail, I should have them tomorrow...Does anyone want to go see U2?
Let go Spartans LETS GO!
Time Mag named this decade the worst since WWII.  My only thought is, has there really been enough decades since WWII to be able to clearly desern that this one is the worst?  Granted these last ten years have really kinda sucked as far national tragity...but is there a need to call it the worst since WWII?
Today did suck...*PROPNAME* came home with 40 mega rolls of one ply toilet paper....I am going to be using prison tp until at least Easter!
Wow I am really in a funk...I had no idea *PROPNAME* was fired! I knew it was most likely going to be his last season, but I hardly ever miss stuff like that
Why are people from NeW Jersey so proud of being from New Jersey?
I was just watching "*PROPNAME* in Real Life" while I was working on my Christmas cards, and I just realized...*PROPNAME* (*PROPNAME*)  is the cop that pulls *PROPNAME* over and has his cruiser backed into.  HE IS WAY BETTER LOOKING WITHOUT THAT HAIR!
So, I got something in my eye and rubbed it and now it looks like I got punched in the face...everyone was making domestic violence jokes at the party...
Does this have to happen tonight...I have my fight club
I am in a funk today...I dont know if it is depression, maybe a lack of motivation because of depression.  This process is not for the impatient.
Thank God for facebook or everyone would have names misspelled on thier cards...
My thanksgiving utopia lasted a whole hour...new record.
It was good to get out of the house for a little while, and even better to see my girls!
Apple casserole and Herb Pork Loin smells so good!!
As of today, Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets. To turn this option off, go to settings, then privacy, then meals. Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved children and pets. Copy this to your status to warn your friends!
Today I am thankful that I am able to be in Michigan with my family.  I am also thankful for my families in Michigan and in Atlanta.  I am most thankful for everyone I love being healthy today.
So much to do before tomorrow...I am actually a little overwhelmed!
Errands...
I am not ready to get back to real life...
Watered plants, cleaned gerbil cage, did laundry, washed the dishes. Starting on packing  then off to pick up my shoes from the cobbler!
First day of Winter is not so bad in Atlanta...
Dear Baby Jesus: Please compell my boyfriend to get off his ass and pack...we are leaving tomorrow at 5 am to go home and celibrate your birth...and i really dont want to have to kill him because then I will have to drive the Mustang in the snow and rosie is in mint condition and the salt will discolor my top.  Thanks so much...
"Over the river and to the woods to Boosha's house we go!"
Baking pumpkin bread and pumkin pies and making stuffing!!
So...I never got the facination with farmville until I built my zoo...totally addicted!  If you have zooworld let me know I will send you a gift
So the guito from Jersey Shore that calls him self "The Situtation" is trying to trademerk it now...
What is going on with this bowl game?  I thought that MSU losing 20% of thier players was bad...now texas tech coach scandle?   If you were going to toss a kid in the closet...would you chose the one whose dad is on tv everynight??  Bad call dude!
SNOWING!  All of atlanta grinds to a halt for a snow flurry....SO glad I am at home!  Careful driving with the crazies out there people!
Oye, so tired...Sometimes I wish that we could spend more time enjoying and less time preparing this time of year
I am so so excited...Going to the big game...heading home...going to see my dog...I cant sleep!
Maybe going home grounded me...I feel so much better now!
feeling much better today!  So if the head coach of Texas Tech was fired, is this even going to be a fair game?  Maybe considering many of our players were stupid...
feels like Death warmed over...
Snow predicted when I go home!!  I cant wait!
Getting ready to come home for Christmas!
Well, this year has to be better then the last...
Dropping off some resumes today...I am feeling good mojo!
Well, I think he has the flu, but it is basically impossible to tell if he has the swine flu
Good Job ballers...its all up to the football team now!  GO GREEN, GO WHITE, GO STATE!
Oh no *PROPNAME* is really sick, I even made him chicken soup yesterday, and he still is running a fever!
Well, Big Ten is looking awsome in the bowls so far, the buck and the kittens gave great show...Hopefully MSU will follow suit!
*PROPNAME* is flying into Chicago tonight...I will miss that guy!
Now *PROPNAME* is sick...and realizes what a jerk he was when I was sick
And the Grinch, with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so? It came without ribbons. It came without tags. It came without packages, boxes or bags. And he puzzled and puzzled ’till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn’t before. What if Christmas, he thought, doesn’t come from a store. What if Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.
Had a great game night with the family...we should do that more often when I am home...next time with drinks!
Going to have my emmissions tested, want to just get that out of the way and today seems like a good day for it!  Also running other errands...
So now what am I suppost to do on Wensday nights?  Damn it Fox...no Glee until April?
Keep your fingers crossed that *PROPNAME* kept his germs to himself...
Three Flakes and schools are closed tomorrow?  WEAK
Apperantly the roads are bad in Atlanta...be careful out there guys!
Why is *PROPNAME*'s new hair news?
Snow advisory for Atlanta today and tomorrow...Good thing I have bead, milk and meat in the house!
In the murder mitten...it is cold!   Also HAPPY 11th BIRTHDAY MAX!  no matter how old you get you will still be a whiny pain in the ass to me puppy
I am feeling strangely homesick from thinking about my birthday...I havent had a good one since college...maybe i will just stop trying to make it special
Heading back to Atlanta...
DANG IT!!  If you are in Atlanta and need somehere to go for NYE, come to my house, I have food and drink, almost all of my guests are sick or have sick kids!
HOW DID WE MEET???? Everyone play this game! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends! Before you do that answer for me. Thank you and I can't wait to hear from you!!!!!
Just another day...
Woo Hoo Friday!
Nothing like a Basketball win to lift the spirits...
Ted Nugent is a touch scary, may be an intersting choice for Michigan politics...
What makes *PROPNAME* so special!!  He is a QUITTER!  Watch out *PROPNAME*...
The devistation in Haiti is heartbreaking, I cannot imagine when they start running out of food and water, and without a sewer system that is going to be hell in that climate...I really hope there is not violence when resources are exahusted
Dang it ND!!!
I am hoping this is allergies and not a cold..
I think one of my gerbils had a stroke...Poor little guy!  After I put the food and water next to her she perked up a little, but she still is moving weird and falling over...
A Big Green and White Double Header!!  First the ballers will start out by beating up on Northwestern just like the ladies slapped around those sad Wolverines yesterday....then on to watch the MSU Football team wallop Texas Tech!!  Its a great day to BLEED GREEN!!  GO SPARTANS!!!
Why do three people that do not know eachother have "pants on the ground" in their updates?  Am I missing something?
found my Tag paperwork in the man den...Hopefully I get my tags by 2.1 if I apply now online...
I love my mom! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today... please copy and paste to your profile! I expect to see this many times on my page!
Well, that wasnt so bad, now I have to wait and see...
ELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Press 1 for English. Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English. And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, JESUS CHRIST. And the AMERICAN SOLIDER. One died for your soul, the other for your freedom. If you agree... copy and paste in your status
Thank-you everyone for your bithday wishes, they made me feel truely special
has anyone else realized that *PROPNAME* looks like "The Situation"?  I am so glad that trashy show is almost over
taking a much needed mental health day!
I just received an AARP card in the mail...not sure what to think
Watching basketball is giving me heartburn...
Lets go STATE!!  8-0 BABY!
So, I tried to sit down and pay my birthday tax today, and I cannot find the paper work...I know I have it here somewhere!
black
*PROPNAME* is going to deal with a ticket...I dont know where his checks are if I need to bail him out!
Has anyone else noticed that the dolphin with the helmet on the Miami Dolphins logo looks like it should be riding the short bus?
So Variety is reporting that the cast of Jersey Shore is coming back for a second season, making $10,000 per episode.  I guess they were making a few hundred per episode before.  That is alot of tanning, hair products, and tiny tops!
I really really hope people dont start using "post-it" as a reason for loyality.  Greys is getting stupid...
I reunited a cat with her owner today...Feels nice but I am not sure how to tell denny there was a cat in the condo....
Dishwasher repair guy coming tomorrow am, hopefully phone that works being delivered tomorrow as well.  Big day ahead!
*PROPNAME* noms as predicted...*PROPNAME* saw his furry shadow but the weather man said we are in an el nino...I am on team rodent!
It makes me sad to see *PROPNAME* all iced over...
My phone stopped working, I can call out, but the person I call cannot hear me!
The "Full House" home is on the market for 4 mil.  I wonder if being fetured in the show increased its value
Getting ready to watch the game
my facebook looks the same...am I missing something?
*PROPNAME* mixed week old coucous with new coucous, and he cannot understand why I will not eat it...
Thank you to everyone that was able to come out for my birthday dinner, and I sincerely appologize to the guys that thought that tapas bar was topless bar...
Hell Ya for a 20 minute commute!
Little Chilly!
Well here goes nothing, getting ready for my first day!
Same old Spartans...
Big Game tonight..perfect big ten record on the line...GO GREEN!
Damn it, I am old...sitting here in my snuggie watching a telathon...
here we go again...luckly I work at a school that may close for the chance of snow
Poor little Wolverines...at this rate the NIT is a goal!!  Look at your sad little glum faces...
It's DOPPELGANGER Week. Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble (actor, singer, athlete, etc)...I have been told by multiple people that I look like *PROPNAME*.  I guess it could be worse
So my dome light will not go out when I am driving, I actually reasched the problem myself and sent *PROPNAME* out to spray the crap out of my door latches with wd40...I cannot believe I was on a forum looking up car stuff...
Well, if I dont root for the Colts I am pretty sure that *PROPNAME* will never talk to me again, and  we need him at trivia for Sports questions, so GO COLTS!
:(
Gas Station doughnut does not equal paczki, I almot cried a litle
Happy St Valentines Day!#SEPARATOR#is baking a cherry pie from scratch :-)
found Scorpius!
is still recovering from shock after seeing my 7th grade science teacher at a certain bar
enjoys reading *PROPNAME*'s facebook status updates.
just learned from Wikipedia what Gropecunt Lane is, and is somewhat abashed.
is excited for being able to spot the Summer Triangle. Not to be confused with the Bermuda Triangle.
is excited about making a chocolate mousse torte. :)
is now addicted to Mafia Wars. Thanks *PROPNAME*!
Strawberries make everything better :)
Mono is no fun :(
is looking forward to *PROPNAME* tonight.
is quickly learning that when making a French dish to be prepared to pour whole bottles of wine into the sauce lol
I <3 House of Pies! :D
Happy National Coming Out Day!
This Coq au Vin recipe calls for 2 full bottles of wine to go into the sauce. Gotta love the French! :)
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=RTPpbHueNJ4
I made my first bouquet garni today :).
Undecided about seeing "The Fourth Kind" after reading a ton of horrible reviews on it...
is such a Gleek.
Mag-usap tayo sa Tagalog!
I <3 *PROPNAME*!
saw a homeless guy on the side of the road holding up a sign that said "Why Lie, Need Beer". Picture to be uploaded soon!
It's snowing in Houston!
Very disappointed that the NY legislature voted against legalizing gay marriage.
Ice skating in Houston = Melted ice and rain...still fun however :)
Excited about seeing the Nutcracker tomorrow :)
It is so heartbreaking watching a loved one deal with the progression of Parkinson's disease :(
I've got yellow fever! :p
It's projected to snow 3-5 inches tomorrow in Houston! :)
A good friend passed away suddenly this morning. Keeping her in my thoughts.
Houston, the fourth largest city in the U.S., has elected its first openly gay mayor *PROPNAME* :)
Why does Facebook think I speak Dutch?
"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." -*PROPNAME*
is enjoying talking to random people on omegle.com
enjoyed looking at $110,000 pianos with *PROPNAME* yesterday :)
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Saw avatar in 3D, it was awesome! Go see it everyone :)
Nothing quite like going to the park and seeing a vulture munch on a gutted squirrel, turn to look at you, and precede to empty its bowels with a loud *squirt*
About to make a triple layer chocolate mousse torte for tomorrow :)
"The whole purpose of religion is to facilitate love and compassion, patience, tolerance, humility, forgiveness." --H.H. the Dalai Lama
Note to self: NEVER try to make candy canes or any other hard sugar candy without at least 2 other people around to immediate shape the candy and clean it off the dishes before it hardens. Otherwise, it will be stuck on everything and take repeated re-heating and scraping to get it off :(
Merry Christmas everyone :)
Mexico City legalized gay marriage and adoptions! =)
"On the sixth day, God created man. On the seventh day, man returned the favor."
Happy New Year!
Home alone on TV :)
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive" - Dalai Lama
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain
Cheesecake turned out amazing! Almost as fun to eat as it was to make :)
Keeping the people of Haiti in my thoughts
Memento is a trippy movie!
Looking forward to going up in a hot air balloon above Discovery Green :-)
Starbuck's Caramel Apple Spice = <3
watched the movie 'Saved' this weekend and loved it!
"If you wish to make an apple pie truly from scratch, you must first invent the universe." - *PROPNAME*
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us. -- *PROPNAME*
*PROPNAME*'s cheesecake shake makes me happy :-)
"Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let *PROPNAME* be! and all was light!" - *PROPNAME*
Had a great birthday dinner at Carraba's with family :-)
My new favorite word is Weltanschauung :-)#SEPARATOR#cage match: nyquil versus summer cold. ONE NIGHT ONLY! who will be victorious?
excited for the wilco show tomorrow!
would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes and death threats it means alot
i better pay the library 3.60 or the man is coming to my house
framed roger rabbit
great victory over the cold
is almost 26!
taking the Friday train to weekend town
survived the fair it was a good time
WILCO OR BUST YEEHAW!!1!!11
preparing for another day of boiling
is enjoying some tahoe sunshine
is off to dreamland
Tahoe, Here we come!
had a great weekend thanks to everyone who showed for the terrible t-shirt party
GI JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOE!
the spice exists in all of us
is convinced that work causes gradually increasing brain damage to the point that at 5:00PM he is unable to form complete sentences or recognize faces.
The King of Pop is dead. :(
Lakers: Raised to the 5th Power
Happy 4th of July People!
sacrificial furniture pit out side of my house. If anyone wants a dresser, couch, or portable AC unit. Stop by the palace in petaluma
is playing real life tetris with moving boxes
MOVERAMA! part 5: Our intrepid heroes are beset on all sides by tragedy as the movers have backed the truck into a car. Will our courageous cast live to see Novato, or will their new living quarters be the Marin County Home for The Destitute and Ill-At-He
patch//paint//spackle attack
pack up the boxes, move the boxes, unpack the boxes, live out of boxes, box the boxes. BOX BOX WR#T%R$TY%RYHtg!@##$$#
as the laziest man on earth, moving makes me sad.
hide away!
loves summer evenings
after along sleepless week, I am pulling my old man card and going to bed before 12:00 on a Friday nights. Now if I can just find my dentures and cane
dinner with *PROPNAME*!
MOVERAMA! part four: My floor is my bed, my dresser is in the garage, and I have set fire to all non essentials. Now comes periods of existential dread and sheer ecstasy as my house collapses in on itself
looking forward to checking *PROPNAME* out of the the post-bar mental institution. Congrats to all you bar -takers out there!
well i am confident i got more spackle and paint on myself than the wall, but we both do look fabulous!
Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight. *PROPNAME*
phish at shoreline tonight
Lakers can haz championship!
The King of Pop could be dead :(
is baking cookies in his room...because it is an oven
just got his marin county library card. Let the nerdery commence!
is Sleepy McSleeperson
Compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us. *PROPNAME*
gym=the hurt
no sleep make brain work bad.
just tested curb hopping the subaru with *PROPNAME* in SR. I laughed so hard I think I broke something
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. *PROPNAME*
Hamlet: And therefore as a stranger give it welcome. There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. Hamlet Act 1, scene 5, 159–167
looking forward to all the terrible t-shirts!
back at the Petaluma Palace
left his heart in san francisco and thus had a massive coronary arrest upon exiting the city
dugout bar tonight. Live it.Love it.
up in Tahoe and there is not a cloud in the sky. Its a beautiful day to be alive
oh the hazards of love
once more unto the breach...
back from magical nappy-noo land. Man did I need it.
doing the walk through with the landlord today. An epic battle of wills commences
July 4th=Extra servings of gaperade
looking forward to spamalot
is ready for a nappy-noo
MOVERAMA! Final Act: Despite devious brigands, terrifying creatures, and a run in with a band of pygmy cannibals, our loyal cast has finally arrived in the principality of Novato!
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. Viktor E. Frankl
out of the mountains and into the bay
of to the dentist to get work done on the grill
purging the non-believers from the itunes library
is excited for the fair. Cotton candy, shady carnies, and rides that fall apart as you ride them
off to the mountains to visit the peeps!
To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub
come one come all *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are playing britfest in Truckee. Its a guaranteed good time!
moverama round three: this time the whole world is moving, at least inside my head
getting down with the sickness  :(
the headache gremlin is back
Happy Father's Day to the Old Man and the rest of you Dad's out there!
is out of Petaluma in a month and down to novato. Camp Lotsafun is shutting down :(
is glad his room is now a little cooler than the surface of the sun
after this week The Move will finally be at an end thank you sweet Jesus
time to step out of the internet and get some sun
my brain=monday molasses
wireless card beats wireless adapter thank god for steady internetz
setting the lazyometer to 11
monday night malaise
"Hell is empty And all the devils are here" - William Shakespeare, The Tempest, 1.2
Friday I'm in love
its going to be a boiling, yet beautiful day
wistfully working
ready for nappy noo time
hanging with the parental units
monday morning why do you come on so strong?
shakespeare in the park not a bad way to spend a sunday
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.  ~*PROPNAME*
tis a lovely night for a stroll
razzle dazzle cafe zazzle!
I enjoy Thursdays masquerading as Fridays
portland was fun but its good to see the sun
after months of procrastinating, I am finally  watching the last season of battlestar galactica
the teeth are now in open revolt. I must make an appeal to the dentist  tomorrow to quell political unrest
insurance just checked in to see what condition my pre-existing condition was in
oh Portland, how i love thee
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.  *PROPNAME*
I fought the box and the box won :(
grumpy mcgrumperson
whiskey a go-go!
bills for my grill
We are the music-makers, And we are the dreamers of dreams *PROPNAME*
i can haz dinner?
drink em if ya got em. Its the big one today
giants game tonight
finally feeling somewhat moved in. It might be a miracle folks!
Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday.  ~Author Unknown
my body doth protest about the gym
Sol Food For Lunch!
is getting disturbed by the deer in the meadow. They seem to be edging ever closer...they can smell fear
sleepy mcsleeperson
All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. *PROPNAME*
mondaze
just got tickets to the phish show at shoreline!
the dentist man cometh at 12:00
well after being moved in for months I finally hung up some pictures.  go go lack of motivation!
grilling and good beer. A pretty awesome way to spend a saturday night
We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on. *PROPNAME*
mondazed
monday morning brain is broken
i is teh tired
breaking the intarnetz
being on a diet means I have to eat such strange things as fruit and vegetables, who would have thought?
hardly strictly tomorrow may we all have fun and make it out alive
Friday afternoon catatonia
made it back from the festival. A coupla of bee stings and whiskey draught and some awesome tunes...what an awesome day
the tooth uprising has been quelled thanks to the loyalist forces of the dentist. My mouth remains a politically intact less painful region
beestings still itch like its going out of style. docta says I need a beeiotomy
The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief.  ~William Shakespeare, Othello
the teeth are rebelling
season 3 of dexter is keeping it pretty real
yeah steelers!
nappy noo time
it was so cold this morning I am pretty sure that I hallucinated polar bears and penguins on the way to my car
trying out chrome for the first time seems pretty quick on the uptake
if the itching continues from the stings I am just going to go with amputation peg legs are in fashion
the new muse album is awesome
and with the onset of autumn comes the autumn cold. fml
boise idaho or bust
got a bronze medal for the mps run!
Boise, Idaho Day 3. French Fries are happiness deep-fried
having no bay bridge makes me sad
has won the  nobel prize for procrastination and ineptitude thank god they made some new categories this year
its a hot one folks
kind of digging the weird weather today
back in cal woo hoo!
after a crazy week of travelling finally back in ca.
looks like it is time to convert the old subaru into a rowboat. My name is Captain *PROPNAME*
Hey All The Good Old Tahoma Lodge now has a fan page. Please join to support Boyce and Kay, or to remember the good times.
the spice exists in all of us
breaking the internet
happy halloween people try not to mix the booze and the candy too much!
setting the lazy dial to 11
we could go gently into the good night, or we could have a drink and toast the coming dawn
waiting for november to get the cold weather memo
In Cal for one day then back out to see the family in Portland. Vagabonds R Us
it smells like a sulfur vent has opened underneath our building. Next comes volcanic ash and burning
kevin smith tonight!
Thor the Thunder God is knocking at my door
its opening day at *PROPNAME* Memorial Park for Cold Season! BOO! :(
beam me up scotty!
october is a packed festival month! hardly strictly this wknd, then onto treasure island in a coupla weeks!
bee stings itch
“Speed is not part of the true Way of strategy. Speed implies that things seem fast or slow, according to whether or not they are in rhythm. Whatever the Way, the master of strategy does not appear fast….Of course, slowness is bad. Really skillful people never get out of time, and are always deliberate, and never appear busy.”  *PROPNAME*
Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. Epicurus
Boise, Idaho day 2. Where there is hope, there is potatoes
HARDLY STRICTLY OR BUST!
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
good times in the mountains. Now I return to do battle with the nefarious arch-villain monday
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.” Steve Jobs
my immune system is battling the cold. There is most uncivil war going on in the body. Collateral damage may be my ability to breathe and form coherent sentences
kevin smith and halloween this wknd. shaping up to be a big one
my body doth protest about ye olde basketballe yesterday. At least we gave the youngsters a good beat down.
the hour doth approach
monday night madness at work. Ask not for whom the work bell rings, it rings for *PROPNAME*
art show! Someone might mistake us  being sophisticated
sleep good. me like sleep.
cold but sunny here in the mountains
good times up in the northern reaches. Hoping everyone is still intact from Santarchy
Be content to seem what you really are. *PROPNAME*
the endorphin rush of going to the gym after three weeks of being fat and lazy is a nice change of pace
mexican standoff with monday tomorrow at 8:00AM
holiday party: This means even Santa is going to drink.
congrats to the newly weds!
going up to the halls of the mountain king to see if he has any turkey to offer. Happy Turkey day to all of you out there in the interwebs :)
everyone has their own anodyne
happy holidays everyone
doctor says i need a backiotomy from all this moving
If the children don't grow up Our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up We're just a million little gods causing rainstorms  Turning every good thing to rust
gypsies have carried the furniture off into the night
"We are the music makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams
Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.  *PROPNAME*
I get on the road to Tahoe tomorrow to do battle with tourists, the law, and this fat elf man with reindeer that everyone keeps talking about
Most of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. The tricks that worked on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps assignations with oneself: no winning smiles will do here, no prettily drawn list of good intentions. - *PROPNAME*
currently addicted to the latest Wilco album
gotta love it when they seal the floors in the building and there is no ventilation. I predict general sleepiness and permanent brain damage by noon
Hutchins Ahoy!
I wantz to see avatar in 3d
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples
back to work tomorrow. If I can remember where I work and what I did for work before the year ended.
Metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food. *PROPNAME*
this new diet has opened a whole new world of cuisine. tonight's dish prisoner-of-war stew with beans, rice, and more beans.
the tax man cometh
fighting the good fight or at least trying
monday morning= broken brain
"Beyond mountains there are mountains." - Haitian Proverb
“Hell is empty and all the devils are here.” Shakespeare
cheer up emo kid
So it goes.
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. ... Buddhist Proverb
nothing like having stuff stolen out of your car to brighten your day. Go humanity!
apparently my fb account emailed a bunch of people malware. If you received a facebook email from me with a  one line response and link to a website please disregard it and delete it
and now for somethign completely different
back in the habit
Friday why do you come on so strong?
well survived the city and SFO in the pouring rain and managed to not get eaten by a sea monster all in all a good day
Good to see Tahoe kids pulling some medals. Congrats *PROPNAME*!
We're the tattooed lady, and we're never going to have a minute's peace, the rest of our lives, until everybody else is tattooed, too."   - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.   The world will miss you :(#SEPARATOR#is excited to pop chuckies natives cherry!
If you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. It can be anything you want! When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you.
has an interview in 30...SO NERVOUS!!!
out for the day with my man
is definitely a nerd.  just freaked out on jaye because i thought we left the 3D glasses at the movie store...
was looking for a job and ended up with two...
Dear rain, I have a wonderful day of boating and friends ahead of me so please go away... Sincerely, Barb
anyone wanna join me, renee and chaz at the bar tonight?
going out with the other interns and renee?  tonight is going to be an interesting night...
things to remember while watching a scary movie.. 1. the phone line ALWAYS gets cut or cell phones get lost// broken or they never have service 2. the power ALWAYS gets turned off 3. one of the girls gets hurt and miraculously breaks an ankle// leg 4. there
a reggae band covering one of the best beatles albums?!?!  my life is now complete:)
we all threw it back forcefully to THE NATIVES tonight...love you jaye!!!
what an adventurous night...filled with the natives, crazy screaming men and a half-naked girl...what a great night!!!!!
another adventurous night with the natives...going to holland this time!!!
good bye el...until sunday!!
i want to go to the bar tonight...is that too much to ask?
i woke up with the roots stuck in my head...weird
i feel like my insides have turned into goo and are going to seep out my pores at any minute...
is starting to like her new room in the basement...
having people over tonight...call me if you wanna come over!
GOING ON AN ADVENTURE...to kalamazoo!!!  bitches are jealous!
ugh...thursday can not come fast enough
ugh...i need a job:(
finally...the inspection is over and the house looks awesome!
is pumped to see harry potter with chaz...you are the best bf ever!
had a wonderful two days on boat...
what a freaking wonderful night...in both good and bad ways!
is getting a cold...
how did i go from having nothing to do all the time to being unbelievably busy in a matter of 2 days?
party at my place.  call the cell to join...
karma is a bitch isn't it???
goodbye EL...see you tomorrow
home alone...and terribly bored:(
is completely uncomfortable....
going to see inglourious basterds with the boy...
partying at my place tonight...call me if you wanna join!!
NACHOFEST!!!!
i wish things could change...sadly i know they never will.  time to face reality.
not wearing a bra to the bar is a TERRIBLE idea...
will be at the library for the rest of life...
just realized that i will never get a break from studying// school...
so my phone decide that it isn't accepting phone calls at the moment..for now all i have is texts, ugh i hate technology
up earlier than most everyone in EL and trying to study...but chaz stole my damn RED BULL!!
awesome way to start the week...NOT
is having a competition with the man to see who can finish a word search the fastest...we are nerds
migraine...ugh
i reeeaaallllyyyy want to see taking woodstock...
bar tonight?  anyone want to join me??
i got bit by a pig yesterday and now my finger hurts...
rob zombie just disappointed me...never thought that would happen.
going out with my man to see a play!!  NACHOFEST TOMORRROW!!!!
please stop smoking cigarettes in my house...or i might kill you..
yes!!!  its almost been two long years...finally reunited and it feels so good!!
yes...got the house to myself!!!!
is off to ruperts for the night!
studying until my eyeballs fall out.  have to make up for the two weeks i missed...
facebook stalking = FALKING!!! hahaha i love you angie!
relocated to espresso royale...ugh so much to get done:(
i can't get over this hilariousness. i was listening to npr the other day and this guy was interviewing a band. the band was a bunch of science nerds that made science songs. one of their songs was called my brother the chimp or something and they talked about how they believed in evolution. guy interviewing them goes...so what was the genesis of this song. i laughed. hard. and still think its funny...the end
relocated for the last time...still studying but at home.  what a long confusing day:(
oh i am such a sucker for a nerdy guy...
i am having a hard time studying..
ONLY FIVE MORE DAYS UNTIL I GET SEE ANGIE!!!!!!
ugh...nothing productive has come out of this day...
spending my saturday the best way...at the library with ALEX!
oh mysterious man whose voice sounds like seth rogen, i fell in love with you and i didn't even see your face...
i feel like shit...
i am not one to get into the christmas cheer but damn it i want to watch a charlie brown christmas...
attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
i am stuck in battlecreek for the night...ugh i hate snow sometimes.
a porn star just asked to move into our house...
girls sitting next to me at the coffee shop are discussing STD's loudly...wonderful.
i just want today to be over already...
is very sore and very tired...
work, then to the lib with alex all night
just calculated my carbon foot print...SICK!
ALMOST DONE WITH MY SEMESTER!!
yay...i finally get to see *PROPNAME*'s lovely face and spend the holiday with the *PROPNAME*!!  Wish you were with us *PROPNAME*!!!
still attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
i just bought books and booked a flight for chaz and i to DENVER!!!
FINALLY DONE!!!
ugh...i hate landlords and i hate renting...
keep the people of haiti and their families, in your thoughts.  DONATE IF YOU CAN!!
is soo sore...but thats what happens when you fall down the stairs and bruise your entire left side:(
ahh it is so nice when i am soo productive...
THANKS FOR ALL OF THE BIRTHDAY WISHES EVERYONE!!!  I HAD A GREAT DAY!!!
needs to stop slacking...
oww...broke my pinky toe, AGAIN...
homework and babysitting all day...brought the wii to entertain my two favorite twins!!!
sledding with the kids, death trap of a wooden sled and snowball fights...gotta love michigan!
i just listened to waiting for my ruca by sublime and it made me think of *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.  ugh, i miss you guys!
wish i wouldn't have procrastinated all weekend!!  my paper draft SUCKS...
trying to be productive at the lib with *PROPNAME*...
a bar with bright pink walls and mounted deer head...and i got a rose from elvis.  absolutely wonderful night!
haha no public speaking for me today...CLASS IS CANCELLED!#SEPARATOR#"In my days, we played soccer in the minefield."
wants rime with lum
learned Booze + high heels = Bad idea
Anyone gonna be around Chicago in mid September?
is slightly going mad...
says ..but everyone does it!
is making facebook better :D (no, not by leaving)
Need.. more.. motivations.... motivate me motivate me... rawr
has absolutely nothing to say.
Quick survey: When is the last time you used poke? this week, This month, Don't remember.
All see's became Spy's in my pirate profile yarr
12345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890
Merry Christmas!
and I am 21 agaiiiiinnnnn~
Happy new year everyone from the other side of the earth for real now!
10 inches of snow within 4 hours. whoa!
what happened to my 2009? where the heck did it go?
understoood how it feels when you are rearranging seats in Titanic
coming around to Newark 2//15 and planning to be around NYC for the following weekend.  Anyone? Anyone?
Happy new year :D#SEPARATOR#is going to Oslo tomorrow!
Will be in a dress rehearsal tonight in preparation for the Båstad concerts with Musica Vitae. :)
Happy Midsummer!!
Wow! That was a really spicy lunch in Østersund! Time to walk it off.... 
just ate delicious pizza after a busy and tiring day of walking around downtown Oslo, the Viking ship museum, Norsk Folkmuseum and beautiful new Opera house with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.
Went to the Natural Science Museum and Imax theatre today. :)
Practicing...
Going to have a bbq tonight, and am off to Munich tomorrow. Yipee!
is getting tired of staring at her computer screen, working on a TEFL course, and needs to take a break and go to the gym.
working out, practicing, packing....
Mmmm... good food after a long day of coachings and practice.
mmm Espresso at Chocco cafe.
had a wonderful week in Southern Sweden and Olso, and is heading North to the land of the midnight sun... next stop, Trondheim.
is going to Prague tomorrow. 
Was caught in a downpour while going for a long and pensive walk in the forest. :(
Back in Stockholm!
going to the dentist to reverse the effects of continual coffee drinking.
looking forward to visiting Prague again on Friday to pick up my Japanese visa.
drinking hot tea with hyssop to alleviate sinus pressure from the large amounts of poplar fluff and pollen this week.
is in Canada!
is in Litomysl and loving every minute of it! 
off to eat some yummy sushi!
went to *PROPNAME*'s house (brother) for cedar-smoked walleye, yummy salad and potatoes, white wine and to see the International fireworks competition display-- tonight was a great presentation by China. :)
was visited several times at home by cousin *PROPNAME* and family, Aunt *PROPNAME* and Uncle *PROPNAME* and the Kidds. Besides this, I am reading books, watching movies such as "What Women Want" and trying to organize suitcases for my move to Japan on Saturday. :)
is performing tonight in the opening concert in Litomysl.
walked from S:t Eriksplan to Gamla stan (after a work-out), around Gamla stan, and back via Sodermalm//Kungsholmen. Stockholm is beautiful!!
Going to the hot springs for the HPAC opening party.
very pleased with the Konami sports club membership-- a heated pool, running track, machines, weights, free athletic classes and a spa all in one package. :)
Yoga cures nearly everything that ails.
time to catch up on sleep...goodnight!
safe and sound in Japan! :)
going on a walking tour to the castle etc. of Osaka.
walked around Takarazuka and Osaka today. :)
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving!
the weather suddenly snapped into Autumn.
Pumped from working out at Konami, but is cramming Japanese for the lesson tomorrow.
having fun drawing in solitude.
took a personality test, and it said that I'm suitable to be a "supervisor."
The first week is always the hardest, right? If so, it won't be long before I'm whipped into shape-- I went to the Konami gym 5 times this week. :)
Listening to opera, Brahms and browsing through amazon.com.
Back from the Cello//Viola dinner party! :)
Flight delayed by freezing temperatures in China, but arrived safely!
very, very sleepy.
preparing for her voyage across Eurasia... not over the pond this time. 
my first typhoon experience ever is coming!!
going with Eric to see Flickan som lekte med elden.
The connecting flight was delayed yet again by a couple of hours in China, but I will go to bed and sleep for as long as it takes to recover!!
Busy week with Rehearsals and 3 great concerts with Maestro *PROPNAME* and soloist *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* Violin Cto and Bruckner 7, bday party in Shinsaibashi Osaka, Konami gym, Japanese lessons, duets, Thanksgiving dinner, and soon to come: Universal Studios!
feeling the burn in my shoulders and triceps from the gym.
mmm...home-made pizza. :)
To bed early with a splitting headache and goose-egg about two inches wide at the back.
ate yummy salmon with pasta and veggies after a work-out @ Konami.
looking forward to Christmas festivities!
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!
annoyed with the slow internet connection. :(
visited the Martinu museum.
Happy New Year!
Going to the gym again. :)
wishing the rain would turn to snow for Christmas!
off to buy more coffee.
off to Japanese class within the hour-- have to stop surfing the web!!
dragged herself out of bed to put out the cardboard that has been accumulating for more than 3 months! :)
Leaving for the airport and flying to Norway tomorrow!
Back from the gym, and looking forward to the New Year's party. :)
It's Doppelgänger week, in which Facebookers may change their profile pictures to someone famous their appearance has been compared to. POST TO UR PROFILE!
Alive and well and drinking a lot of coffee to kick-start the day.
coffee, music and home-made pizza.
Made it through the first day of rehearsal after a long journey! :)
excited to go to my first Japanese private lesson tomorrow.
Up early to finish reading "The Prospector," and will leave soon to practice before working.
Well rested after a week of jetlag, Taka City concert, various other rehearsals and a Yakitori party.
loving the snow. :)#SEPARATOR#Seminar went well, Kateri and I have the marks to prove it. Now food, tomorrow, house viewing. Next week, knives or swords.
is back at work on a friday night because my boss believes himself to be an IT guy and not an attorney and broke a server.
is beating people down in radford virginia this weekend. Be back monday. ^_^
@otakon.  Be back in the real world at some point in the far far future.
is getting to old to party hop. Woo that was a lot of tequila.
says it's almost time for otakon.
thinks he may have created a new unit of monetary measure.  the "Kilopeanut//Kilopeanuts"   kp//kps for short. Use: derogatory.  example: the job pays 35kps.
does anyone know a Server2008//Exchange2007//BES sysadmin looking for a job in the philadelphia area?
*PROPNAME* was going to teach me to levitate, but *PROPNAME* shot him with a Marshmellow gun.
wants it to be 5 already, seeing houses tonight.
is off to otakon once i get out of work.
has a new job. +8k gold and better healing potions.
we got the house!
just performed surgery on a lizard(Green Anole now named Tropical thunder), we bought from the pet store last night cause he looked near death.  He's doing well now, I think his leg is better, it's all about preventing complications//infections now. Pictures later. Time to go to *PROPNAME*'s Bdat picnic.
in heeding the words of wise ninja master over a beer, *PROPNAME* has created a program of self-defense for the complete n00b who has 17 left feet.  Tonight, I shall see if anyone shows up to learn it.
The lizard known as The Tropical Thunder, passed on monday night.    He perked up after the leg fix, but he was already too far gone from neglect at the pet store.
Looks like japan is drinking the Change kool-aid.
is stuck at work this fine saturday afternoon.
is going to get gothed up and head to Dracula's Ball. Project Pitchfork and Carfax Abbey tonight.
Thank Cthulhu It's frida's day. wilmington, de in the morning and then back to philly.
weeeeeee transformer explosions.
just saw a really nice house, we'll be putting a bid in asap.
scored about 65k in bejeweled blitz in one second.  That was nice.
Offer accepted on house, Woo.  Currently Making Angel Food Cake with Choc//hazelnut frosting for *PROPNAME*'s Bday picnic. Also, We bought a lizard with a bad leg to see if we could fix him any better than the pet store. Poor guy.
is now a home owner. move in is saturday.  we spent last night scrubbing the place.
is preparing for his first real vacation in over a decade where I can just sit there for a week on purpose.
ATIT! (Almost there! It's Thursday!) Reaching? Why yes I am.
Took a long time to come up with a costume, but has decided to be the mad scientist from Half Life,  crowbar included.
(Rap performed by *PROPNAME*) Darkness falls across the land The midnite hour is close at hand Creatures crawl in search of blood To terrorize y'awl's neighborhood And whosoever shall be found Without the soul for getting down Must stand and face the hounds of hell (continued below)
is tired of being sick. Death to all swine.
(continued from above) And rot inside a corpse's shell The foulest stench is in the air The funk of forty thousand years And grizzly ghouls from every tomb Are closing in to seal your doom And though you fight to stay alive Your body starts to shiver For no mere mortal can resist The evil of the thriller (Into maniacal laugh, in deep echo)
http:////www.cracked.com//blog//how-to-write-erotic-fiction//
will be hosting *PROPNAME* for a Seminar in January!  Woo!
is preparing for the move, settlement tuesday.
has made some downright amazing scallop chowder.
Ninja landscaping for the win.
TCIF!
it's Alive!  No more flu & at work.
GDIM!
Thinks whoever decided to schedule a massive apartment building fire next door to our new home at this time of day(5isham) was terribly inconsiderate, no fires until at least breakfast.  Off to hose the outside of the house after being up until 2am mortaring the downstairs.
has the flu.  i was so uninclined to move that I actually watched a football game. I made due by pondering the mechanics of impact, timing and footwork in play by play cases. Also created an under 5 yard endzone score for which there is no defense, I call it the the crane technique.
OSIT!
now has lens flare, Thanks *PROPNAME*.
needs to get a nifty book, a language version and a development environment that actually work together. I've got this Book on Python for Hacking//reverse engineering, but it's for 2.5, which is a not compatible old standard(current is 3+) and for an older version of Eclipse, which has also had a massive change in the current version and this book was published in 2009.
would like to thank everyone for the Birthday wishes.  It was a very tame, but very nice birthday.   also, I'd like to recommend Ninja Assassin, everything that is good about ninja with excellent choreography.
yay halloween party.  I have my crazy hair, lab coat & crowbar. That and my crazy jello molds and I'm all set.   (pictures later.)
has smashed his living room to bits.    19 large bags of debris so far.
Pre-Birthday Happy Hour, Tonight, O'sheas, 5:30ish to whenever.  I realize it's late notice, come if you can manage.
Raid Data Recovered completely from swapped pair that was unrecognized by nas after NAS flipped out and wiped itself 100 times.  400Gb data now safe.
approves of his raise.
Thinks this is awesome. http:////www.alternative-energy-news.info//ultra-lightweight-bendable-batteries//
anyone ever rebuild a raid array before and have tips? I've got two drives of a raid 1+0 (one from each pair i think), that need to have data recovered. Trying different recovery software at the moment (ufs recovery atm), but happy to have any advice.
has emptied his closets and clothes box from the move and is completely reorganizing everything, it looks like a clothes bomb went off in his bedroom.
Cthulhumas, Cthulhumas, Cthulhu eats your brains. Oh what fun it is to die in many horrible ways.  Cthulhumas, Cthulhumas, Cthulhu eats your brains. hey.  May you all be touched by his noodly appendage during these holy days.
is getting tired of long long nights on salary.
Happy New Years!
Holy poop on a stick, that was a long day.
Octarine!
just saw the season finale of dexter.  Holy shit.
would appreciate if his intestines would agree to parley and come to an amicable arrangment with his stomach.   They've had a war going for a few weeks now.
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 2010!   Welcome to the future!
is going to check our floors for the living room today and then maybe to a gentlemanly game night.
"How about a nice game of strip Global thermonuclear war?"
stomach versus intestines, round 674.
Holy shit, we're buried in under Lots of snow!  No escape.....  argh... the snow.. Oh god. a transformer just exploded..
Thank Cthulhu it's friday!
Happy New Years!
watched and heard 4" thick branchs near the top of one the Pine trees in my backyard snapping under snow weight and taking branches with it.    I saw that, said oh crap, let's go have a look, ran out, look up, realized I was under the remainder and said oh crap, let's go back in.  It's Ragnarok!  Prepare for the end!#SEPARATOR#is not surprised the states most utilizing their natural energy endowments are facing the smallest budget gaps for the upcoming fiscal year. California: your move
wonders, what's the use of having a bulwark against cloture if you can't exercise party discipline anyway.
is reading his packet for law school orientation. This is all very exciting and petrifying at the same time.
sends his blessings to those who keep the embers of freedom alight. Happy Independence Day!
awoke to an email stating: "Starting in 2010, the US Department of Education will be requiring significant changes in the way educational institutions collect and report race//ethnicity data. Accordingly, on July 19, 2009, LSAC changed the race//ethnicity d
always looks on the bright side of life: our Supreme Court will now be two-thirds Catholic.
is highly amused. The comparisons between *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, as well as claims of her narcissism, are a classic case of psychological projection. (*PROPNAME*, really? Just how frightened are they of this woman?) The MSM are actually referring to no
rarely ever gets sick. Hopefully this will pass quickly.
was happy to learn it wasn't a furlough but a scheduling mistake that created the lapse. Back to work tomorrow.
is attending the Royal Fireworks Festival & Concert tonight at Riverfront Park.
is feelin' much better (and stronger everyday)
is now on (the) twitter. This had better be worth it.
is reminded of the underpants gnomes when listening to the HHS Secretary ignore clear evidence that socialized medicine won't lower health care costs.
came home to a box of Panda licorice, a favorite. I feel loved.
"I may be limping, but I'm coming home"
is wishing his Kitty a happy (and momentous) two-month anniversary.
""All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." - *PROPNAME*
wonders, with all this righteous indignation over a terrorist assassination program and change in tactics from pursuing the Taliban to protecting the population, when did this stop being a war?
is on the road again and deeply saddened to be separated from the Kitty for the rest of the week.
has on his soothsayer cap: [One day, parents who send their children to "super-gold-plated-Cadillac" private schools will pay additional taxes to cover the educational expenses of lower income families]
is doing a little catch-up work but excited to start school tomorrow.
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*
is steadily developing an iron butt. And no, he hasn't been to the gym lately.
will concede health care is a moral issue when the same proponents acknowledge abortion is immoral.
is pleased the American people will now have the time to read the government-run health care bill or have it interpreted for them. Apparently, this is a luxury our representatives (and President) couldn't find the time in their busy schedules to accomplis
is one lucky guy. First class, first day as a 1L and I'm the first to be called on to state the case. Thankfully, I did alright.
is thinking, what's not to love about a city that hosts a festival called, "Pig Out in the Park"
is looking forward to a steak dinner tonight in celebration of four years together as a couple.
always says, whatever doesn't kill you makes you luckier.
is thankful
is pondering the contradictions in his fidelity to a jealous mistress.
reminds those engaging in civil discourse
wonders which is more inappropriate
It's beginning to look a lot like Washington around here.
has settled on a parish. Happy days.
is in Santa Clara to see the family. Still missing the Kitty.
was greatly disappointeed with the disgustingly partisan scriptwriting on Law and Order last night.
Mr Hart's 1L advice: when preparing for the socratic method, remember to think in questions.
remembers the good old days when we could pay for everything under the sun by "bringing the troops home". It amazes me how inconsistent we can be when the Birkenstock is on the other foot.
*PROPNAME* was bad enough, but at least he distorted data and concocted fear-mongering chartsngrafs to support his cockamamie theory. The Norwegian Nobel Committee just lost its credibility--forever.
wonders if serfs living under a nationalized health care scheme lead healthier lifestyles mostly for fear of becoming sick//injured and having to throw themselves at the mercy of its poor services.
doesn't think passing a bill on *PROPNAME*'s casket would legitimize killing health care for the rest of us.
is thinking of a movie title
is making a four-minute oral argument tomorrow. Should be interesting.
thinks people in straw houses shouldn't blow hot air...or propose a homeowner's insurance public option for that matter.
reckons it's looking a lot like Washington in California right now.
wasn't disuaded post-media blitz. Still thinks taxes are an appropriation of wealth, mandates are backed implicitly with a gun and "freedom from want" is a condition better reserved for animals and small children.
thinks he did alright. Not necessarily kicking asterisks and taking case names, but certainly alright.
You know that feeling you get when you're running a marathon and the endorphins finally kick in...
We have growth, but at the price of future jobs--all the while paying five times as much for the same car we would've bought later. What else can be done to keep up this facade of recovery? We're already printing more money than ever before. We can't raise taxes without calling it a fee, because dear leader wants to be re-elected. Can we still hit the brakes before this public-private hybrid goes into a ditch?
It's crunch time. See y'all in a month or so.
First law school midterm this monday. This one's for a third of the clams.
Happy Thanksgiving
"Life is white, and I am black. Jesus and his lawyer are coming back."
is celebrating six months months together with my beautiful bride.
Legal research reminds me of combing the ocean floor for treasures. Every once in a while I return to the same spot with the knowledge that what I thought was a rock might have actually been an oyster with a pearl inside.
Finals begin next monday. Overhead this today in Torts: "Dude, you're fine. It's not crunch time yet."
second season of the Paper Chase is being released this December. Sweeeet.
Finals.
just began his first involuntary, five-day furlough. So sad.
Well, that was just about the longest 4 months and shortest 3 hours of my entire life. Same time next year, I hope.
is convinced, with everyone and their mother talking about the possibility of raising taxes on the middle class, it's not going to happen. Do you really think one of the most shrewd politicians since *PROPNAME* would all but certify the loss of his re-
is no Keynesian, but I think if there's one thing "cash for clunkers" demonstrates, it's that $787 billion (minus the $237 billion in tax cuts) would've been more stimulative coming from the pockets of American consumers than vested bureaucrats in Washing
is in SF to attend a two-day prep course for school. Still separated from my bride and hating every minute of it.
An Obama consultant yesterday on taxing high-value, middle class health care plans: "We're not talking about a new tax on these people. We're saying they currently get an enormous tax break and we're going to slightly scale that back . . ." This will likely be the talking point for any new, middle-class taxes to come.
is going to law school. see y'all in three years.
heard the pres was on the TV tonight
gets to see Philip Glass as a birthday present for the second year in a row. hmm Wot's that phrase the kids use...FTW!
I thought the Kindle was a stupid idea, but the iPad...wow, this is the future of personal computing, a segue into Minority Report-like "surface computing". Way to stay ahead of the curve, Apple.
along with wife *PROPNAME*, have decided to celebrate filing their first, joint tax return in that good-old-fashioned American way, by purchasing a new TV.
How nice of the NFL to ask my favorite band to play at the Superbowl for my birthday.
loves USPS. When you underpay for online postage, they charge you at the counter. When you overpay, they pocket the difference and say "thank you". Isn't that just the Federal government in a nutshell?
is strongly considering JAG after law school. Might attend OCS over the summer.
Thanks for the birthday wishes. You guys are awesome.
*PROPNAME* is hilarious.
is 76% of the way to my goal of running three miles in eighteen minutes. Good first attempt.
wonders why no one ever followed up on *PROPNAME*'s pledge to eat the CRA.#SEPARATOR#Whoa, an A in 11 AP English... well, I'm content now.
R.I.P., *PROPNAME*. Maybe people will be less cruel to you where you are now.
JUST MADE Civic Jazz Orchestra!!!
"His cheeks and eyes burned from the cold."
Holy crap, *PROPNAME* is really, really good.
I'm out from tomorrow 'til Friday.
RIP *PROPNAME*. The world owes you a great debt for everything you've done for music.
off to St. Louis. Back on Friday.
is about to play at the Detroit International Jazz Festival on the same stage as *PROPNAME*. No pressure, though.
"We would shout and swim about// The coral that lies beneath the waves.// Oh what joy for every girl and boy// Knowing they're happy and they're safe!// We would be so happy, you and me,// No one there to tell us what to do.// I'd like to be under the sea// In an octopus' garden with you." - In Memoriam Requiescat, Pater: August 16, 1962 - April 8, 2006.
is an INTJ. Horray for a lack of social skills!
Steamroll the Irish, Wolverines.
As always, Geh Blau!
At last! House...
just visited Wash. U. in St. Louis, and is VERY impressed.
"Did someone just page the King of AWESOME?"
C'mon, Michigan!
is off - again! - looking at colleges, but this time, out east. Brown//Wesleyan//Yale//Rochester impressions when I get back, if you want them.
B-but... impossible... the Lions can't WIN, can they?
"Every year is getting shorter, never seem to find the time... Plans that either come to naught or half a page of scribbled lines..."
...Where did fall go?
"Heaven send hell away No one sings like you do anymore."#SEPARATOR#says "Sorry Orlando but *PROPNAME* failed the Heat. He was always going to fail you."
thinks the Orlando Magic should change their name to the Orlando Joke.
My mother saw the Proposal without me so I've lost my excuse to go see it.
There's nothing less cool than being exhausted from hours of not doing a damn thing at all.
HEY! Have you heard the news? *PROPNAME* died. NO! Say it isn't so, *PROPNAME* died.
I'm trying hard not to meet you when I'm sleeping.
Let's talk about how much fun we had about fucking the world.
would you believe I forgot to enter the football lottery?
has a new medicine. It's 100 movie channels on a television.
I'll jump and kick and bite and scratch and scream until I'm blue in the face.
DYSLEXIA FOR CURE DISCOVERED.
will be at Monday Night Raw in Orlando tonight. I'll be the one promoting "Straight *PROPNAME*'s Man Slammin' Max-Out."
is getting Saddr & Weirdr.
is filling up boxes and boxes and soon I'll get in one too.
*PROPNAME* was pardoned today for having romantic ties with a white woman in 1908. Now... racism is dead.
is back to thinking about nowhere.
can't lie. He misses Gainesville, everyone in it and can't wait to get back.
Denver tried to keep me.
Net Worth: $1,000.
still has a moustahce.
I'm fucking scared of the future.
It's official. I'm boring.
is moved in at Loft Oasis and very pleased.
There is no rest for the whiny.
is going to go visit the homie locked up in the joint.
To all my friends out there, I better not have to visit any of you at a jail house. Looking at a good friend through some glass is depressing.
Do I party too much or do I not party enough?
Chia-like, I shall grow.
There's nothing to do but eat Ritz crackers and neglect school work.
has the only story that is open, baby. He only sells beer and he only sells ice cream.
Never trust a man without an embarrassing secret.
Shutter Island got pushed back to February. I'm sort of thankful because that's $8 less I have to spend this semester.
I have to eat up this week because I'm spending next week with hippies and they serve nothing but vegan food.
Flirt with disease I'm concerned with HIV Keep health and hygiene a secret from you and me See her name and life behind a scene of fiends She wants to be famous overnight but this her eulogy
Cold Chillin', Cold Chillin'
Why would anyone want to screw over the Undertaker?
If we can't do it together, then we'll do it apart.
just remembered how much he likes The Strokes.
is *PROPNAME* for the next week. If no one hears from me for awhile, start reading the Denver Post.
made it home somehow.
Can *PROPNAME* hurry up and prove me right already?
is OLD & UNPROFESSIONAL.
Read about a horror movie you'll otherwise overlook on my site page. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d6-Trick-r-Treat
Please... one more beer... then grow up.
If you all want a beer brewing club at UF, then wish me and my wolf pack luck tomorrow.
How many licks does it take to get to the center of your universe?
My prediction for the upcoming NFL season: Fuck *PROPNAME*.
It Might Get Loud' in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d9-It-Might-Get-Loud
It's Easter! Teebow is resurrected.
I bleed articles for your wholesale. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d22-New-Movies-Woo
This unconformity is conformity.
Read as I get angry in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d11-STOP-THIS-MAN
wants to thank you in his latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d20-Im-So-Proud-of-You
*PROPNAME* is almost plays almost as bad as *PROPNAME*.
I'd rather steal your whiskey than your heart in conversation.
Read this and get excited for films. http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d13-Revolution
Just like I called it. *PROPNAME* put up zeros across the board today.
Read about *PROPNAME* on my site page. He's a real happening dude. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d16-Richard-Kidd-Man-of-1000-effects
I hope everyone else enjoys their NFL Sunday. I'll be taking the GRE.
Read about where you can see some vampires.http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d26-ALL-VAMPIRES-ALL-WEEK
just cries and cries without ever knowing why.
I went to bed at midnight last night and woke up at 5:30pm. Whoa.
*PROPNAME* is an asshole.
Getting letters of recommendation is a stress.
Wrote a quick article on *PROPNAME*. Check it out. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d2-Roger-Beebe
didn't know it was the forest spirit that made the plants grow.
Read about what's playing at the *PROPNAME* Union, dammit! http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d19-Adam
Is there anyone out there who can write me a good letter of recommendation?
comes with a dipping sauce.
Love everything about going home except the traffic.
My foot really hurts. How do I know if it is broken?
Read my review of Precious. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d22-Precious
Check out my review of Pirate Radio. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d16-Pirate-Radio
Dear Jets, Your defense ain't shit. *PROPNAME* is a cry baby who got showed up by *PROPNAME*. You can't touch Miami. Stop debating it.
saw Old Dogs...the things I do for my parents.
Back like a sequel. I take a look at the career of *PROPNAME* in honor of his visit to UF this tuesday. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d8-Brett-Ratner-aka-Boring-Guy
We're talking Christmas movies in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d6-Best-Christmas-Movies
Bring back the double feature and find out how by reading my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d30-Double-Feature
My readership is down but you can bring it up by reading this personal piece I wrote for you all. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d28-Why-We-Go-To-Movies
Let's talk about how much fun we had when we were fucking the world.
You all are going to party at my funeral because mourning is for suckers.
The GRE has been passed. Tonight, we eat chicken wings and watch half naked men punch each other.
never realized how boring life is until I lost my cable.
didn't get fired, got laid off. didn't get fired, got laid off.
made it through 30 minutes of Cannibal Holocaust. I believe in artisitic expression and everything but damn...this is pushing it.
my status update keeps screwing up. But I will be doing comedy at 1982 tonight with other great comics. Stop on by at 9pm.
has to be at work at 7am. Wait...since when do I have a job?
What should I write about for my next article? What do you guys want to read about?
Everybody has a price.
doesn't get the point of minus grades. They're only there to make my transcript less glamorous.
is just trying to find a fb status that doesn't bother anybody.
Just when you think the yankees have enough superstars, they go and get *PROPNAME*.
loves alcohol and women.
is depressed and beautiful.
Read about my latest theater ventures. Thanks for getting me a holiday bonus, btw. http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d23-Holidays-at-the-movies
is dumb.
Whatever happened to *PROPNAME*?
You're going to want to read my latest article because this one is about Death Factory. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d29-Nothing-to-do-but-visit-the-Factory
2010
Someday my skill set will be wanted.
Can't wait to sleep forever.
What did I think of the movies 2009 had to offer? Read about it here. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d6-2009-Superlatives
is no longer going to just stand there. This time, I'm going to bust a move.
Some movies plan piss me off. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d13-Anger-In-Celluloid
You could die and nobody would care.
If you didn't fuck my ex-girlfriend, I would still owe you three thousand dollars.
Check out what I've got written for The Book of *PROPNAME*. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d17-The-Book-of-Eli
Another film review already? Well, it was a three day weekend. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d18-The-Imaginarium-of-Dr-Parnussus
will probably be getting drunk tonight and tomorrow night. Be ready for my text messages.
Dude, get with the program.
writes briefly on our expectations of films. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d20-DANGER-Expectations
If I wasn't such a dork than I don't think I'd have the friends that I do. I love you guys.
Thanks to everyone who came out to last night's Gator Nights show. It was a blast.
still working on getting paid to say dumb things.
Kid Rock was right. We should all just be cowboys.
has an interview with the FSU Film School on the 26th. Big things poppin'.
Performing stand up comedy thursday night and friday night. That's two chances to see me and be a real friend. Or else it's real pain for my sham friends.
You could die and we'd all really care.
My pay check is like your pay check only without all the zeros.
Doing two shows this week. Tuesday night at 9pm at 1982 and Thursday Night at 9pm at the Clarion Inn.
THOSE KANGAROOS CAN KILL YOU!
Fuck the pro bowl, going to see the Rumble Royal.
I don't want to go outside because I might have a terrible day.
As we get older every day feels longer and although I know I'll struggle I will do my best to never get tired.
For those who haven't seen it yet, I've got a new stand up video up. Thanks for all the support. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=4kUmPOzOU4c
ZOO TRIP!#SEPARATOR#<3 scotch tasting
golfing! fore!
bruno anyone?
<3 boarding at the beach :)!
Kitten Mitten!
Hot pot!#SEPARATOR#"Holy Haruhi, season 2's out?!"
A recent online exchange: Other guy: "I have to imagine it's wholly possible that someone could understand humans so well, yet be completely unable to read, write, or do math.  In today's society, people like that would be shunned.  Veritas If you can't r
has been accepted into grad school.  Finally.
"The King of Pop is dead, long live the, uh..."
3-hour exam tomorrow, then a day and a half (less if I drop into New York Wednesday) to pack EVERYTHING before driving out Thursday to reach Iowa on Friday.  Someone tell me I'm not insane, please.
passed his F//M exam.  Huzzah!
is in Ottawa.  Illinois, not Canada.
Did the President just make a reference to the Matrix?!
is watching the Little League World Series.
has found the U of Iowa anime club.  There goes my GPA.
"40 years ago, Armstrong said 'One Small Step for Man'.  When can one of us go back there and shout, 'Honey, I'm home!' or something?"
is going to go on a 1000 mile trip to Iowa City tomorrow and Friday.  This is going to be a long drive.
has just finished his first night at reffing.  Much to improve on.
lit his fried chicken on fire and now has more stuff to clean.  Great.
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS!
wishes he had an actual bed (or even a mattress).  It'd make dealing with these suspiciously-flu-like symptoms easier.
Recidivism (n.) - 1. Committing new offenses after being punished for a crime.  2.  Chronic repetition of criminal or other antisocial behavior. Replace "criminal" with "stupid", and I think I've found my problem.
Let's go Rangers!
will have a miracle if he gets an 80 on today's midterm.
is putting the touches on his Halloween costume.
probably failed another midterm.
hopes the geo-pol forum-based game doesn't get him perma-banned from Japan.
s wireless internet keeps spazzing out every five minutes.  It's really annoying.  Actually, it's more than annoying, but I haven't gotten angry enough to start using foul language.
has learned nothing from 20 years of school.
You weren't kidding, *PROPNAME*.
"And we keep driving into the night.  It's a late goodbye, such a late goodbye.  And we keep driving into the night.  It's a late goodbye-ai-ai-yai." Staying overnight somewhere east of Toledo.  Wonder how bad I-80 will be tomorrow.
has finished watching "Up".
has no more finals.  But it keeps going uphill.
has arrived at Iowa and is settling into his new apartment.
Whoa, OK, that was more emo than I had intended.  Sorry to get you guys worried.  Full details upcoming.
is trying to change.  Long overdue, I suppose.
Curse you, UCJAS!!  Now I'm hooked on *PROPNAME*!!  *shakes fist*
Woo-hoo!  On to Indy!  Anyone care to place an over//under on how long it'll take for some sportswriter to mention Namath or Super Bowl III?
Last night pretty much sums up my entire UChicago experience.  I don't regret going.  I regret screwing up the decisions made while there.
Let's go, Jets!  C'mon!
is in Chicago for Uchi-con.  And somehow got stuck watching a game room AGAIN.
is back from Chicago.
J-E-T-S! JETS! JETS! JETS!
My hat is off for the Colts.#SEPARATOR#is getting very nervous about her first day of teaching SATs, moving, and school in august....and its all converging.
My car is full of all my wordly possessions....ah the nomadic life.
No more SAT class! Whoo whoo! But I'll miss the kids, they were a good lot once you got past the fact that they were teenagers....
Hangin' with the Sadie-lady.
Listless....better snap out of it soon
Up figurin out school-ool-ool. Be back in NC this weekend.
Saw District 9. So real. So good. So stressful.
hates discussion forums. You always end up looking pompous, idiotic or both. There's no winning.
Survived her first day....
is sorry she didn't come to raleigh after telling everyone she would. But I went on a hike today and saw pretty nature-type things!
is sooooo tired of legal practice homework.
WARNING: Spring Guns and Droids
wishes the weekend was longer. Yayyyyy NC! Yay Smancy!
Must sleep, must sleep. Too excited for the weekend.
Mmm Soup.
overcast skies + homework + sore throat + boyfriend gone home = sad meagan. I'm coming to raleigh next weekend though!
Pro: I think I'm going to really like ethics. Con: I may have to rob a bank to pay for my books.
Just back from Scotland (the brave)! In Raleigh this week, hit me up.
doesn't actually condone vigilante justice...I really shouldn't skip lunch anymore...
Rainy days = warm food. Its worth it.
Law Geekitude #107: I giggle to myself every time some old English judge uses the word "mischief" in an opinion.
is just here.
hates legal writing. A lot. If I'm still awake at 3 am you'll know why.
is just hangin' out with ol' Dex. Study study study.
mmmmm...pint of Haagen-Dazs peach sorbet and no running. Doin' good today.
Might just vomit. I hate exams.
Needs job//money to support hobbies other than studying....
I'd give her a HA! And a HI-YA! And then a OUU-WA! And I'd kick her, sir. Take THAT, memo.
Going to NC tonight! Wish I was gonna make it for volleyball but if anyone is up for drinking after I just might be there....
is soaked. Umbrella broke. Good morning, dear Monday.
Has no respect for anyone that doesn't understand the danger of being hit by a line drive. (Ahhhh torts).
is surrounded by candy
Is going to do some comfort reading tonight (oh *PROPNAME* of Green Gables...) First real exam tomorrow ://
Finally, one outline completely down...only 3 to go - and a long way to go at that. Next semester will be different, really!
Relaxing after my delicious, noodly, post-exam lunch.
Sick and tired. Literally.
Mmm mmm turkey stock
Had a minor(major) breakdown when I thought one of my exams was lost... but its all good now.
Can't wait for Noon-thirty on Thursday!
can't wait to head outtt
hates noisy library-goers.
Oh to find an internship....
Wishes she was at Raleigh Undercover, so if you are in NC and not there, get out and show some charity love while hanging out with awesome people who like good music. I will be very jealous.
Is going to get off her bum and go running sometime in the next 5 minutes...I promise!
Should be doing work, but isn't (obviously). Yay dance class tonight! Shimmy shimmy shimmy....
Lord *PROPNAME* may have been a complete cad, but he could sure put pen to paper. (Still not studying as hard as I should be... can you tell?)
Law school is like The Biggest Loser...it doesn't matter how well you do, just how well you do compared to everyone else. Dun dun dun.
Monday comes too fast and too early.
*PROPNAME* on Modern Family
I don't think I have a famous person....hmmmm....okay with that though.
DC friends: Giant snowball fight//snow kickball on the mall tomorrow, 3pm. There will be other snowball fights, but I will not be at them. So you should come to this one! :)
has major, major cabin fever.
Sunshine!!!
Snow!!! http:////www.flickr.com//photos//zmeagz//sets//72157623367337792//
A storm's abrewin'! Snow is starting to stick....
Went to a surprise *PROPNAME* game yesterday (surprise for me, not for the players) and had a fantastic time.
is in love with *PROPNAME* in downtown Raleigh. And *PROPNAME*.#SEPARATOR#Ph'nglui mglw'nafh? C'thulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!
gi gutom ko dah,.
i'm hungry na,.
history of psychology,.
weee. kita a ko ug ma ojthan. :D
wahhhh,. di na ko. hurot na jud ako kwarta aning AI. huhuhu
annotated indexes,.
Deadtime Stories.
asa man nako ma kit.an ang malleus maleficarum?
Readings Galore. :D
Once uppon a nightmare. :D
Pewter City Gym Rocks! (with grund type pokemon)
not in the mood to do anything, pwede ra ko mu stay in a corner?
di na nako ma kaya. labad na kaayu akong ulo.
hahayz,. nag huwat sa reply. T_T
still hoping wla mi class. :P
loser mode. hahaha
kapoy na,. T_T
hapit ko naligsan sa truck, usa ka dako nga truck, hapit ko naligsan sa dako nga truck sa CNU. hahaha :P
take care of yourself oi,. :D
the internet is soooooo slow. pirmi ko ma dc.
Pewter City Gym Rocks! (with grund type pokemon) hahaha. para nalang jud di ko mka huna2 ug di maayu nga butang.
wla na koi kwarta
is making his report.
i'm going off the grid sa. kapoy na ko.
really needs comfort food...
wed,.
Guitar Hero linaw. :D
lingaw ako report sa 109. yey :p
bahala na. wla jud ko sure kung ma.o ba ni ako report. :(
hold you in my arm, just want to hold you in my arms.
¿?q ???? ??,?M ??? s???? ?sn???q ??? ?O pu???? ?? ??,no? ?sn???q ????S I p?no?S? ka jemma. nag emote2 sa ulan.
hungry, and need to make annotated indexes again. :c
confused
wla man siya narparamdam. ka mingaw sa cell. :c
i'm still sad. :c
kushala daora nasd.
i'm wasted. :C
gi gutom ko.
kapoy
humana ang class for the day. AI nasd ang himu.on.
na.a na jud koi beta key! salamat hans. :D *PROPNAME*
eating a 3 day old burger,. yes ingana na jud ko ka desperado. GUTOM. P.S. Maynta di ma da.ot ako tiyan ani. :P
no more uhmmms for me. :C
AIs all over again
They say loving you gives pains and full of sacrifices But I'll rather take pains and lots of sacrifices than not to be love by you.
Statistics show that people who have the most live the longest!
done na jud sa ppt. histo psyc nasd.
Ai count 15... 17 more to go.
Statistics show that people who have the most birthdays live the longest!
will play company of heroes. : )
"Banana cures your hangover. Hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. Bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects."
cige go,. hehehe uie *PROPNAME* , european film festival sa ayala, maybe na.ai psyc related movies you could let your students watch. libre siya, first come first serve seating. :D
"Banana cures your hangover. Hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. Bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects... Banana... bow"
While slogging along in the swamp, Dragonianus came upon a strange looking patch of wet sand.   Dragonianus made a Wisdom check with a difficulty of 9 . . . and rolled 16   Recognizing it immediately as quicksand, Dragonianus decided to take an alternate route. It meant more walking but a lot less dying.
just finished counseling report! :P 23 AI's to go. hahaha
18 more. another one down
shot one down. 19 more to go.
*PROPNAME* and Sushi. :D
carpe diem. :c
i relly thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) *sigh
hold you in my arms. I just wanted to hold you in my arms. *PROPNAME*. :P
my first epic fail. :P
just tried kimchi and suchi! :D
I am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :c Quote: I wish I was a kid again, because skinned knees are easier to fix then broken hearts.
nakakuha na jud ko ug beta key! salamat *PROPNAME*. :D
humana jud ko sa annotated. :D
nag ulan nasd, So long, my luckless romance.
For all sad words of tongue        and pen, the saddest are these, "It might have been" :c
For all sad words of tongue        and pen, the saddest are these, "It might have been"
"agay!" dugay na kaayu ko wla ka ingon ana nga word.
there are battles you fight is silence because you know that speaking up, saying something or doing something. . will probably make you lose...
I am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :c
Suddenly i  am struck with a deep sadness. i dont understend... :c
super mingaw kaayu. :c since i have a lot of free time in my hands right now i'm plannin something nice for next year. well i hope (enter name here) finds it nice... heres to hoping. :c
somethings not right...
i really thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) *sigh
i may not understand you fully but i learn something new about you everyday. thats all that matters. :D
in your face AI's,. humana jud tanan. hahaha
ni abot na jud sa point nga i'm actually dreaming about missing her. hahaha lol kaayu
dili ko emo. gi mingaw ra ko nimo so mag drama2 ko. wla kai ma hemz kai kahibaw ko busy ka... *bow
love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind , and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
its hard to enjoy with other people when you know theres only one person you need to enjoy everything, its harder when that person wants to enjoy everything with someone else. :c
bored,. nag sayang2 nalang ko ug kwarta para lang na.ai mabuhat.
lingaw nga day. :P
yesterday was not a very good day.
Que blesse la chair purifie l'âme, ce que blesse l'âme fortifie la résolution.
ug sa dihang wla na koi duty for 3 days. hahaha ma.o na nah akong christmas break.
(*gabi.e) lighting of the giant christmas tree, fireworks, dinner. = fun :) may the circumstances repeat itself again,. :D
the internet, she is verry lag today. :(
Lets align timeframes in view of a merger with mutual cross linking benefits.
alone... :c
The deepest principle of human nature is the craving to be appreciated... the flaming urge for the feeling of importance.
good night. I hope tomorrow will be better. :c
humana ang midterms, AI's nasd. hahaha
"Every treachery, great or small, begets a spirit that rages at the injustice. Given the opportunity, each will return that treachery to its owner tenfold."
Car je étant pauvre ai seulement mes rêves. Je place mes rêves sur vos pieds, marche doucement pour vous marchent sur mes rêves.
Le principe le plus profond de nature humaine est le désir ardent à être apprécié... Le besoin flambant pour un sentiment d'importance.
Please pray for *PROPNAME* (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). She had an accident and she has blood-clot. She is currently undergoing operation at Cebu Doc Hosp. Thank you. [-from a reliable source.]
Please pray for *PROPNAME* (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). She had an accident and she has blood-clot. She is currently undergoing operation at Cebu Doc Hosp. Thank you.
"I believe in fantasies invisible to me In the land of misery I'm  searchin' for the sign To the door of mystery and dignity I'm  wandering down,  And searchin' down the Secret Sun..."
gonna give her a back scratcher for valentines. get well soon mum.#SEPARATOR#has been asked by several friends about our trip plans.  We fly nonstop from Charlotte to Frankfurt.  Then we travel by train, Heidelberg, Wiesbaden, Mainz, Munich, castles, Zugspitze,  Rothenburg, back to Frankfurt and fly home.
is home from Germany, had a good time ... tired
starting to prepare for Summer Camp.
is off to Scout Camp (Old Indian in SC) for a week
is packing for Germany
is taken *PROPNAME* (our youngest) off to Appalachian State today to start his freshman year.  *PROPNAME* isn't going, she just can't do it.
best wishes to everyone going back to school today
is heading off to the National Order of the Arrow Conference
is heading home
appreciates all the kind birthday wishes, via facebook and various other forms of communication.  Thanks!
is teaching Troop Leadership Training today.
is thrilled that his son *PROPNAME* and wife *PROPNAME* are expecting!
wishes everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving.  I get to make the stuffing and turkey, *PROPNAME* gets the other stuff.
Merry Christmas everyone!
wishes everyone a Happy New Year!
is heading to San Antonio for the weekend
Why does facebook think I live in Atlanta?  Something is wrong with the targeted ads.  It is comforting to know, however, that I could still become a police officer or save 83% on my insurance.
wishes the Boy Scouts of America a very Happy 100th Birthday today!#SEPARATOR#Best newly discovered unhealthy snack disguised as a healthy one: yogurt-covered raisins  :D
Going through everyone's status messages from last night... yeah, so maybe I didn't do anything sexy or fun but I was at an event so >:P
Wow, even in 1963, *PROPNAME* was ranting about the "half-wit morons up in Sacramento" (just watch It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World)
Just to be clear: Life is just a bowl of RAINIER cherries.  :D
Amadeus is quite possibly the most perfectly made movie *ever*...  director's cut bits add even more to the perfection.
Ears are being blown out by two trombone players... sure, they're classically trained and playing Holst's "Mars, the Bringer of War", but it HURTS.  :P
32 days til the State Fair!  You better believe I have a count down going!!
Any one have any clue as to what the new novelty fried fair food is going to be this year???  What was at the OC county fair?  I'm plotting my plan of attack at the State Fair...  
Devising ways to oust the old tenant out of *my* new place.  Not too happy that he's choosing to take another week to move out.  >:P
This hair-brainedness needs to cease... NOW.  :P
MMmmmmmm Trader Joes tart frozen yogurt... makes a mouth VERY happeh!!  :D
Going to have to severely restrain my impulse to gallop around the State Fair, squealing at the top of my lungs with glee.  :D
Already sleepy time again...  I blame lunch from Bread Store.
Missed the forest and smacked into a couple of the trees while I was at it too.  :P
Nothing personal against you all as a species, ants, but mi casa es just not su casa.
How did a non-coffee drinker like me end up hooked on cappuccinos?
Okay Bears... Channel that anger and use it to cream the competition next week.
Allergy season for *PROPNAME* is commencing...  *hack*hack*hack*   :P   I'm not contagious, promise!
Pipe dream for the day: Being a Wagnerian soprano.  I can shriek but not in tune.  :P
Sorry, People magazine... your "sexy" guys can't hold a candle to the men of the 40s, 50s and 60s... *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...
Stupid PC... seriously asking to get chucked out the window.  But in the spirit of the season, it shall be spared.
First there was TIGER
I'm not quite sure how I feel about having my singing voice compared to *PROPNAME* (especially when the boyfriend makes the comparison).
Does it count as a new years resolutiion to resolve to watch every episode of a TV series?
Cold weather, lack of sunshine and fog all breed pestilence... Everything seems to be taking a quick swing at me too -- never taking up residence (knock on wood), but slowly trying to knock me out with a few quick jabs and sucker punches.#SEPARATOR#ive come to the conclusion that some people are really just not worth it - grow up n learn to forgive xxx
bubbles n apple 2gether again woop :D
2 sleepovers in 2 days - both amazin but am now shattered :P good times :D
oh cómo me gusta cantar y hablar español
Well done!! everyones done soo well so far n talk about energy :D - just 1 show left
media is kl :D
im in college yet im onb facebook - oh medias great :D
is fed up with messin with the relationship status n is goin to upload pics :D
wow y do i always seem to have massive convos over the most simplest of things lol
soy feliz :D
today was gd fun - was kl seein ppl :D
that took 4ever!
is very happy - for myself n for charlotte woop :D  p.s. cheers for the car lol :P
ppl please stop sendin messages - ur ovloadin facebook :P ahhh its gay
Not really sure y everyone was so dissapointed by the HP film - i thought it was rather gd :D
yayness - i am happy :) :)
was pretty awesome 2night guys :) - cheers n yay for cars :P
eatin out of date chicken n out of date cucumber  :S  oh dear
had fun last night - was a gd party n other stuff etc etc :P
weeekend :)
really hopin this campin thing isnt goin to be as bad as im imaginin - no msn, n minimal hygiene *hides* bye ppl see u in 3 days!
is gettin rather annoyed at her innability to concentrate n get this one piece of business work finnished grrr - is resisting goin on msn though
grrrr bloody personal statement - have spent about 4 hours on it now n still have to get rid of 3 lines - its takin just as long to delete parts as it did to write the whole thing :( :(
mi novio aprende español - que bonito impresionante :)
feels like sleepin all the way to monday
My party was brilliant so thanku everyne who came :) - thanx also too everyone who gave me a gift or card they are all amazing and very lovely, so cheers :) xxx
Yay for tomorrow :P
Smile :)
BYE PPL! spt has again been amaze n cant wait till next year! Especially bye to *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, n *PROPNAME* - though im sure ill see u all again at some point! Have a great holiday!!! xxxx
n now its all over :( - cant get seasons of love out my head though lol  was a pretty gd night tbh :)
wats better than a cookie?... a GIANT cookie loool mmm yum :)
muy infeliz
Feliz navidad!! xxx
Thanku sooooo much everyone for my birthday comments - im very happy :) xxxx
Ohhh theres so many gd things to look forward tooo - cant wait!   :D
abburido...
facebook is all changed - i swear it wasnt that long ago i came on here!
Wooo - i am so very happy :D#SEPARATOR#is sleepy, excited, and wondering...
is in need of sleep and clean laundry
wants someone to see My Sister's Keeper with her!!!!!!!!!
brokan lttrs hart hot ppl lif goo kim kool
is so tired...yawn
needs to catch up on sleep...
is soooo sleepy
is going to chill tonight, maybe order thai, and just relax....
is kinda confused....sigh
is listening to *PROPNAME* like it is her job, is hungry and unsure of what to eat, and is questioning everything and yet nothing....blah hungry like a wolf!
got Skype, and is still figuring out how to use it...like in that she has no idea how to since she just downloaded it...
feels like it is off to the first day of school tomorrow, has the cleanest room ever, and is really happy :)
is not loving the rain. sigh
is happier today. Today was better. She talked to her supervisor, and an amazing thing happened...things got better. Oh and life is good with Thai food. YUMMY!! I love you....
is not loving the new gig, is praying something better comes along, and would like to see the new Harry P movie. Oh and could use a long nap
wants to go see Harry P. and would love to go back to sleep, but there is stuff that needs to get done. Booo...
is tired. is trying to get energy to get out. oh boo.
going out with the coolest chica EVA! *PROPNAME*, would you go on a date? Perhaps it is fate!
is in need of a nap.
is so brainwashed by Neutrogena ads. Praying for those who have less and for the strength to love all she has with patience
feels a bit lost sigh that is life
is not knowing what to do with the time she has on her hands. Park, stalking squirrels? Ugh...Does anyone need to hire an assistant? Boo
has no idea where the time has gone. August? Seriously? Where did July go?
IT'S A SUNSHINE DAY!!! laaa
so tired after The Great Urban Race with Stella. She is a rock solid awesome teammate. Now off to D&B to celebrate the big 24 with *PROPNAME*! Yay busy and fun weekends!
is feeling better...the rain cleanses...vule vooo
is happy to see no rain, hopes it lasts, is excited for what comes next, misses buddies back home, appreciates the buddies she is making up here
is so sore, but super happy about the new New Moon trailer. Sigh...
needs one day at a time...sigh
is not really good at catching up on sleep
is surprised that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are engaged. Found out not at Perez..
watching "Speak" with pre-Twilight *PROPNAME*. Love her. So over this week. Need some Post Grad
is happy when friends call out of the blue- *PROPNAME*, friends take random midnight walks with you- *PROPNAME*, and friends who make you crazy addicts for shows like "dead like me" - *PROPNAME*.
omg trader joes delivers to me...yay
has the place to herself this weekend...hhmmm
is really missing her friends from back home. She loves each and everyone of you...you know who you special people are :)
was not impressed with Gossip Girl tonight. It better step it up, or I'm no longer watching
is so happy it is friday. laundry, library, sleep. ahhh
loves beautiful days in NY with beautiful people, has a new temp gig starting Monday, has an interview Monday, and is pretty much loving life! xoxo
can't sleep. Wishing she was 10 years old, and not about to be 24. Misses people, misses less worries, wishes people kept promises of yesterday, wishes things were as easy as swiping a credit card in life...
my toe hurts, i hate work, i am tired. i am so not a grown up...
thinks Vampire Diaries is helping her longing for the next Twilight movie be tamed. OOO sooo sexy!  *PROPNAME* is soo much hotter than RP.
is a bit stressed
just cried like a small child for *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s wedding. I want to marry *PROPNAME*...so beautiful
is soooo sleepy.....zzzzzzzzzzzzz
is very cold, feeling jumpy, and ahhhhhhhh
can't wait til New Moon!
is going to go have a chill day. all is going to be good :)
songs from back in the day make her smile, wants it to be Friday already, and loves that for every worry she has her mom is there to tell her she will have a happily ever after :)
what what! The leaves are a turnin' yellow! I hold the power of the button that lets people in the door..mwawaahh haha
met 2 girls named *PROPNAME* in line at Duane under the age of one, saw *PROPNAME* in the latest issue of GQ, and is happy that buying a new toothbrush head makes her believe in the world of new and wonderful possibilities. Love to all today and every other :)
just got a call for an interview for a job she applied for back in June. Go figure. Sometimes things take time. Cross your fingers :)
New York Marathon happening right outside her window. WOOOO
is just not able to win on Vampire Wars..booo..at least she lives in NYC! Yay!
listening like crazy to the Glee soundtrack, happy in her very clean room, excited for new beginnings, grateful for today, tomorrow, and everyday, even the bad ones :) a hug for everyone!
thanks you so much for all the birthday wishes! She had a really amazing time :) xoxo
the best ways to get rid of Moody Mondays, and the past few days of moodiness are to talk to mom, volunteer, talk to *PROPNAME*, watch an amazing episode of Dexter, and be thankful for all the blessings in life that are free for the taking :)
squeals of little girl delight! Going home to South Florida tomorrow! Been over 6 months :)
spending her Saturday night home watching movies with Hot Cocoa. Yum!
has only 3 more days left before she gives her life away for *PROPNAME*'s Market Week...sigh..lol
has one extra day then she expected and begins her hardcore assignment Sunday, not Saturday. One day of extra rest never hurt anyone :)
- smile and the whole world smiles with you. - motivation, not desperation will get you what you want. - the only way to go is up. - family is always there for you, and having even a handful of reliable friends makes life even better :)
clocked in 14 hours today. Smiled at *PROPNAME* like a moron as she walked by...umm how was I to know what she looked like? At least I know who she is. Fashion is hard. Models are very nice though. Til next Tuesday...
wants to be like *PROPNAME* and do a monologue of all her thoughts and feelings. If only the audience were up to it. Hmmm...
had a better day than yesterday. Lack of sleep makes *PROPNAME* an unhappy girl
#&*(@^!)& &*()!&*(#^!(*)@!*( ^*!&*(
is walking on sunshine! Cold weather, hot cocoa, New Moon coming soon, good food in the tummy, and a brighter outlook on life. Yay! It is true... those things do pass, and sometimes they need a helping kick out the door. :) lol
drum roll please...76.5 hours this week of working. :) Going back in at 7:30, then it is over Tuesday..yay
is sooo happy. Things are coming together. So grateful for all the wondeful people in life that make it so great. Just so so so so happy!
had a great time in the snow, seeing "Mr. Big" with *PROPNAME*and *PROPNAME*, and is happily relaxing now...but such a pity about *PROPNAME*. Live life to the fullest :)
is going to see The Lovely Bones, cause it is already out in NYC..yay!
is still thinking about how amazing the season finale of Dexter was...wow. And is now hooked on Lost...she gets it now. Still agonizing over seeing Boone go bye bye...sexy sexy man
needs a love song that speaks of boots that take your breath away, or the sadness inside you feel when a beautiful piece of clothing costs more than a teeth cleaning. No more of this stuff about wishing a guy//girl would love you. How about wishing you had a place to wear a $3,000 gown? Could afford a $3,000 gown? :)
is sharing the secrets of the best products she has used lately. The InStyler- amazing hair, even with light mist outdoors. Urban Decay Primer Potion- I rub my eyes a lot and it still stays (wish it worked for mascara). Forever Makeup Aqua Eyes- gorgeous colors you will get tons of compliments, and it stays! Love to all :)
is happy for the new year and is excited for all the wonderful things that are here now and are in the future :) xoxo
is having one of those days, but thankfully has come to the realization that moments do pass and tomorrow is a new day and the problems of this week will be a faded memory when next week comes around.
soooooooooooooo EXCITED to see *PROPNAME* cause she ROCKS! In the meantime I am lmao at www.notalwaysright.com
is going to see *PROPNAME*..WOOO...is going to see *PROPNAME*...WOOO! So psyched!!!!
had delicious Thai food, needs to clean tomorrow, and is excited about getting busy at her new job
is looking at old photos...and is kinda glad she takes them off facebook every so often, so that she has them all to herself, and it helps her make sure she keeps moving forward  
is pondering...how many people pop up on your facebook homepage you can barely recall having talked to in the last year? Hmmm....life it changes
is lost, but in 2010 hopefully she will find her way and is making a promise to put herself first :)
ugh that *PROPNAME* has the face of a nightmare...ewww
wants to be like the cute old couple on third avenue who sit outside, rain or shine, together happily watching people walk by...
has been a negative person this week, and although the week is not up yet she will turn it around. Looking for hope to ward off the restlessness
black
wants to pose a question...if you could go back to several times in your life you wish you could do differently would you?
is happy things are coming together for her job and self-wise...is a lot busier than she realized...feels good about keeping her resolution to be selfish to herself...and is letting other people make the effort, and it is great :)
is sleepy, loves *PROPNAME*'s new blog, *PROPNAME*'s remodeled blog, *PROPNAME*'s new makeup, and is so pumped for New Moon!!! Did she mention she has the new CD and loves it?
used to like facebook more, but it just is not the same...maybe it is time to change things up...
is fulfilled in life! Is sooooo excited for everything! :)
is sleepy, is sooo happy and content, is so lucky to have the many wonderful people she has in her life, and is really happy to have the opportunity to have work in such a crazy economy :)
has a bump on her head she has no idea where it came from, loves the cold weather, feels like a weight has been lifted from her, and is confident in her choices here on out.#SEPARATOR#the first day of institute...
loves PHOENIX:)
its not the end of the week, but its the last day.. ITS THURSDAY... so I'm gonna get my drink on:)
Happy 4th of July. Thanks TJ for writing a super cool declaration of Independence.
lesson planing
last day of institute
studying... is for babies
First day done:) yippee!
is teaching first grade
is soaking up that phoenix sun!
is putting my life together
ooh the mysterious 10 at 10 approaches.
is celebrating the birth of *PROPNAME*!
making banana pancakes:)
yay Friday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY *PROPNAME*)
where are my keys:(
Going home FRRRRIIIDAY! Wooo Whoo!
9 days in my two favorite states starts TOMORROW:)
out and about:)
Viva Las Vegas:)
missing chapel hill
is back in Phoenix!
I found one of my students in the janitor's closet this morning.
yay halloween!
goooo tarheels:)
love actually makes me want christmas.
flagstaff for the weekend:)
Grand Canyon, here I come!
once again, watching glee instead of doing my homework
UNC basketball>TFA fashion show. GO HEELS!
is in charlotte with my favorites:)
weddings and what not
GOOOO TARHEELS!
first 5 down, 175 more to go...
looks like I am going to be just as unproductive in 2010 as I was in 2009
gone to charlotte for new years!
GO HEELS!
just another lovely sun filled day in phoenix:)
can't wait to see alissa joy goetz tonight:)
why can't I be at Top o right now? Go Saints:)#SEPARATOR#Just got back from having a great time in Orkney :-)
away to work, hope it aint to hot x
down in aberdeen da noo seeing my oldest then ireland on monday Yeah!!!!!!!
had a great night out at blues festival! hopefully i wont leave it a year again for my next night out.
been for a nice long walk, feeling gooood!
just home fa night shift, am away to bed. hgave a good day x
off to work hope you all have a good day and if its not then turn it around loves xxxx
away to work, still dina feel right but never mind.
Hope you all ahve a wicked weekend loves x
Hope your all having a great weekend xx
bloody macs do my head in!!!!
Is no feeling to good, had to come home fa work :-(
I cant get to sleep!!!!
Happy Christmas to you all loves and hugs sent your way xx
Got a job interview the morn and didna find out about it till the day!! oh well less time to stress about it :-)
Everywhere and messy!
I didnt get the job!!!!  nerves got the better of me. Am doing the job I applied for and still got that so all good.  Will just have to learn from this how to be better at interviews. Still love my job :-)
hope you all have a great weekend x
is getting trampled by cats!
wish this wind would piss off, am sure my house is shaking!!
Ladies, your red, black,pink, blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, and nude bra colors made the news tonight. Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the *PROPNAME* foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer. Way to go! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra Colour Game! YIPEEEDOOOODA
Thanx for all the birthday wishes, Been working all day. but all good xx
9 inches :-)
Its sooooo cold out there!!!!!
Black
Hope you are all having a great weekend, am working but all good :-)
what have they done to FB?????
Still feel like shite
Hope ya all have a Great weekend. xxx#SEPARATOR#plan to give away money!!!!
its that time of the year again!!!!!
stunned!!!!!!!
isssllliiipp ho gaya ji!!!!
where is the light that i seek?
to do or not to do...............
invisible
needs a vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!
fullllll tooo  bindassssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just does it!!!
why do ppl bitch all the time!!!!!!!#SEPARATOR#is so excited to start a summer book club!!
can't wait for Transformers in IMAX tonight!! ?
is pole dancing on Saturday morning...LoL :)
reviewin stuff, like I do ?
is going to need a lot more upper body strength if I ever want to be a pole dancer
is so excited for fireworks! I love watching fireworks!!
going out to dinner :)
actually excited to go workout!
cannot WAIT to pet a dolphin. Are they as slimy as they look??
got super tan this weekend...I went from caramel to mocha...
is in a tropical mood...I need a fruity umbrella drink
is relaxing in the BAHAMAS :) ?
organizing things and getting excited about the Bahamas! ?
gettin stuff done! :-)
doing nerdy stuff in my room...reading Gentry magazine, organizing//cleaning things...TGISaturday ?
can't wait for the True Blood premiere ? I'm so into vampires right now
has Bahamas on my mind...11 days!
getting organized for the week!
is craving a bleu cheese burger and sweet potato fries
LOVED Transformers! So cool!!
thought District 9 was way cool!! Funny People sucked...
finally saw Star Trek. AWESOME. Space is so crazy
got my burger, fries AND a birthday cake milkshake. So happy :)
Traffic makes me SO angry...but I don't know who to be angry at! Grrrr so frustrating!!
has a test tomorrow!
one of my students has a pink graphing calculator, and I am a little jealous...6 years ago they did not come in pink :(
petted some dolphins today!!
studying...
snorkling is my workout for this week!
drinkin a V8...the taste is growing on me, I no longer feel like I'm drinking soup
is stressed OUT.
had the craziest vivid dream that I was pregnant. So weird!! Dream interpretation says this is a good symbol...
umm...wtf is wrong with *PROPNAME*?? I ? *PROPNAME*
woke up at 2:30pm today...guess I needed some sleep :)
had the BEST DAY EVER!!! :) I'm so happy ?
decided I'm going to start reading the Sookie Stackhouse books. I NEED a new vampire story to distract me from the craziness of my real life
Looking for someone who knows Latin, lives in the Palo Alto area, and wants to teach a small Latin II class (2 hours in the a.m., 3 times a week) for $27// hour.
cardio//weights workout followed by yoga class. Feeling motivated today! Getting stuff DONE!
hello fall weather!! I love this...I'm so happy!
super excited for: ? dinner tonight w// *PROPNAME*? manicure today ? pole dance workout class tomorrow ? Halloween!!
I LOVE the Build-A-Bear Workshop! I know it's technically for little kids...but I had so much fun trying outfits on my bunny!!
just booked a flight to LA this weekend, and paid a whopping $13.20 roundtrip, thanks to an eVoucher from my mom. Thanks Mom!! :-)
Last night I dreamt that I was a real housewife of ATL, and NeNe was trying to start some drama with me! I was ready to fight her! Then I woke up...
probably the busiest I have ever been in my life
excited For the Love of *PROPNAME*...now I have a new trashy reality show to enjoy on Monday nights! Why do I find these shows so entertaining??
3rd grade classroom on day b4 Halloween = craziness.
studying in the morning, teaching after noon, then class till 10pm...I feel like my day is backwards
Happy Halloween everyone :-)
I like *PROPNAME*'s designs a lot, but she's such a b*tch I kinda of don't want her to win Project Runway! I vote for Althea...she's adorable
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” *PROPNAME*
spending the next few hours reading about Language Arts framework, consonant digraphs and vowel diphthongs...yay...PSYCH!! :(
a little irked that *PROPNAME* won, but her collection really was gorgeous
is thankful for everyone and everything. My life is beautiful and I am such a lucky girl. ? & ?...Happy Thanksgiving! Love you all!
at Poletential , starting the weekend off right with a dance workout!
is addicted to *PROPNAME* biographies...don't ask me about her unless you have like 30 minutes to listen to me rave about how much I love her...I am so obsessed with her life story! Such an interesting person!
was disappointed that *PROPNAME* was not in the Victoria's Secret fashion show...girl is my favorite :(
language arts center @ Oak Knoll, lunch with Mom, GYM time, then I'm watching all the shows I DVRd this week. Yay Friday :-)
just started reading "Blonde" by *PROPNAME* (a fictional biography of *PROPNAME*). It's one of those books that all day you are just dying for the opportunity to read a little more...oh how I love books
can officially play The Eagles, Please Come Home for Christmas, without feeling off-season. I love that song! Happy holidays everyone :-)
I ? Sunday
so excited for new Cleveland Show, Family Guy and American Dad tonight!
Brand-new whiteboard markers make me happy...so inky!
I like my horoscope today: "It's the time to play. Why play halfway? Go ahead. Have the fun you're after. All of it."
so excited for pole class tonight! Making a pole playlist, just for fun. Newest addition: Criminal - *PROPNAME*
I can't wait until my custom-designed Flip Mino camcorder with the pink butterflies on it gets here!! Friends, prepare to be filmed...I'll be going crazy with this thing
Avatar is my new favorite movie of all time!! So awesome! ? Neytiri...seriously the prettiest alien ever
finished Still Life With Woodpecker. Weird book!!
I ? to Christmas shop! I just wrapped all my presents and put them under the tree...can't wait for my family to open them!
Merry Christmas Eve! Being a good girl today, going to the gym and then church! ?
@ dance class ?
can't wait to see The Princess and the Frog tonight with *PROPNAME*!!
"*PROPNAME*" and "*PROPNAME*" are my two middle names. Everyone calm down now...
can't wait for class tomorrow. I ? the 1st day of school :)
had cake & ice cream for breakfast
M.I.A. until I finish my projects, tests and CSET this Saturday! Work work work...
Thanks friends, I had a really special birthday :)
misses the beach already...
loved The Princess and the Frog...I almost cried! Finally at age 24 I get to see a Disney Princess on the big screen, and it was so special to me...I just ? this movie! *PROPNAME* you are the perfect date! xoxoxox
excited...my show is on in 30. RHWNJ reunion, part 1!! ?
do not EVER book your trips through Travelocity...they tried to charge me three times for the same booking!!! GRRRRRRRR
just finished the CSET. didn't think it was that hard, which either means I bombed it or I nailed it. We shall see...now I am napping :-)
I ? my Flip Video cam so much!
just booked VEGAS. So excited!!
is really really sore from dance yesterday! I can't wait for my muscles to get stronger so I can do more crazy stuff
made my 1st iMovie! My fave clips of me dancing to Aerosmith "Crazy"...haha :)
I have a love//hate relationship with the Stairmaster
new favorite cocktail = Champagne & Chambord...delicious!
Monday a.m. Yoga...*sigh* my life is SO hard 
got a new shampoo//conditioner and I'm excited to shower so I can try it!
is thinking of doing BOTH Stairmaster//booty exercises AND Tricked Out Pole class tonight. Workout obsessed!!
Does anyone have a stud finder and a drill I can borrow?
is excited for *PROPNAME*'s Birthday! Don't forget your one dollar bills girls!! Haha :)
leopard ?
passed all 3 subtests of the CSET in one go, and I never even did a practice test. I AM AWESOME.
this is the last Sunday I have to work. Yess! Weekend getaways here I come...I'm thinking LA...
re-arranged all the furniture in my room today to make way for the pole. I love re-arranging furniture, it makes me feel so accomplished!
had a super fun sleepover with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* last night! Next time we'll do pole vids and photoshoot!
happy I was able to squeeze in a 30 minute pole workout before tutoring and class today...I'm proud of myself! Gettin stuff done!
is all tricked out...dang that pole class was hard!! All the more reason to go back next week...
ok I think I worked out too much today...everything hurts...but I had fun! :)
watching the Puppy Bowl...I want them all!
finally got a chance to watch The Bachelor episode 3...omg that *PROPNAME* girl was psycho!!
excited for the winter olympics!
did 45 minutes of dance, 8 minute abs, 8 minute buns, stretching, dog walking...NOW I can relax, watch Jersey Shore reunion and eat ice cream! :-)
when I have my own classroom, I will have a giant NO WHINING sign on the wall and every time a kid whines I'm just gonna point to it
I want to join *PROPNAME*'s Millionaire's Club
I love to watch Olympic Figure skating!!#SEPARATOR#is resting her voice...stupid laryngitis
thinks that if she did not work Mondays she would really like her job hahahaha...lunch then soooo much to do to get up to date after the weekend!
is in bed dreaming of nerdy firemen hahahahaha
is in bed dreaming of nonbaryonic dark matter…**Sigh** facebook quizzes are fun
is so happy it is Friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Time with *PROPNAME* and then home to sleep-in all weekend and get some rest! Three weeks with this head cold is a bit much...
is off lunch and back to work....until 6pm
is missing her nieces and sissy in Inverness
is having a hard time living with no phone :o( Come on dal hook me up already!!! (Work until 6pm...facebook is the best way to contact me right now)
is heading home!
is happy it's her birthday!!! Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :o)
has tickets to 'Thunder from Down Under"...going to the bank to get some American $1.00 bills :oP ***WOOT*** I have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous :o) Bath then bed...time and a half tomorrow
is at work....one more hour then sushi date with *PROPNAME*. Feeling sleepy already....3 days to mon birthday!!!!! and le strippers :oP
just got home from shopping for our apartment with *PROPNAME*…I bought 600 thread count sheets and they feel like butter! ooooohhhhhh luxury sleep here I come :o)
two minutes into the show and I was already being 'man-handled'....<3
is celebrating her second year single anniversary…or Personal-independence day for me :oP
is honestly pretty bla today...wish I could go home to Cape Breton and sit on the beach in the sun
is thanking everyone for the birthday wishes :o) Cleaning my apartment!! Laundry//dishes//the usual
thinks that a slow day at work seems to last sooo much longer than a busy one! Tick, tock...come on 6pm!!!
has tickets to 'Thunder from Down Under"...going to the bank to get some American $1.00 bills :oP ***WOOT*** I have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous :o)
wishes she never hear of a sciatic nerve…stupid back! Doctors appointment then work.
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. Age is a state of mind and I am feeling early 20-ish...:oP
is deep in thought. At lunch then back to work until 6pm.
home to clean up the house, shower then back to *PROPNAME*'s
...my kingdom for a back! lol *PROPNAME* is full of Olympians from every country…watched the Turkish team check in last night :o) Ethnic men are BEAUTIFUL!! :o)
off to work out with *PROPNAME* (Y)
finds it hard to understand some American reactions about Health Care Reform…they seem so “the end is here”…laundry, chatting to Mom and giving some TLC to my orchids
would like to go home for a weekend here and there...I work Mon-Fri 10-6pm...if you are headed toward the Cape let me know :o) Fall term classes: Tue//Wed//Thu...no school Mon//Fri
is reading "Act like a lady, think like a man" on her lunch...understanding the male psyche is the first step to taking over the world :oP
is having a hard time living with no phone :o( Come on dal hook me up already!!!
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. Age is a state of mind and I am feeling early 20-ish...:oP B-day in 4 days :oD
needs to make herself a budget...school supplies (aka coffee maker :oP) and a gym pass??? First term books = $350.00 I wonder what qualifications I need to write//publish text books?
realizes that maybe she will not move to Hawaii…this heat and humidity is killing me slowly. Cleaned her apartment yesterday in the heat and swears she sweat off 10lbs!
is working until 6
wants to go home! 10 more minutes...why are work days so much longer than weekend day?
is getting some work done, then cleaning my room//apartment!...it is HOTTTT outside!
is locking up the office and heading home...*PROPNAME* call me soon :o) Re-potting orchids then to *PROPNAME*! Have a good night all!!!
working until 6pm...home to re-pot orchids then off to *PROPNAME*'s for the night!
"It's not 'THAT' the wind is blowing...it's 'WHAT' the wind is blowing"
at work until 6pm...great day! Excited that my *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* might be planning a trip...now to wait until November lol.
*PROPNAME* and I unpacked, cleaned//organized our home :o) Now we have clutter-free space and even our kitchen looks bigger! Wait until you get home Shelly-Bean and see our neat place :o)
Getting ready for *PROPNAME*. Bought enough non-perishable food for three days. Flashlight//batteries. Check. First-aid kit. Check. Bottling some water. Check. Old towels, in case windows leak. Check. Today: laundry, cleaning and making sure nothing important is on the floor.
My horoscope today is awesome hahahaha....it reminds me of...well most days :oP "*PROPNAME*, If you are single, this is not the best day to get out to meet new people. The people you meet will be strange or dysfunctional in some way."
...just starting to get windy//rainy in Halifax, making eggs and coffee just in case the power goes!
:o) there are 3 Swedish guys on my floor this year....***WOOT***
is flying through the Sookie Stackhouse series :oP Loved the last book I read "Club Dead" but "Dead to the World" is not impressing me yet at page 110...urg!
is at work...School on the 10th and I am so excited! *PROPNAME* is home :o) Life is good.
wishes she worked the front desk at *PROPNAME* so she could enjoy looking at the Olympic athletes…**sigh**
Oh no!!!! I have a class deep in the bowels of the LSC...I will die in the catacombs and never see sunlight again. I was lost underground in the LSC for an entire hour once :oS
is fantasizing about kicking washing machines and dreaming about joining a radical-feminist group...urrg. I want to go home!
is at work, off tomorrow and then working the weekend for student check in...bring on the scared//excited students and parents lol!
really wants to learn some form of self-defence (or better yet offence :oP). Checking the *PROPNAME* website for classes...
thinks her temper is her worst quality…bla! *PROPNAME* come home I miss you!
work, work, work until 6. Day-off tomorrow to have pulmonary function tests...they are going to try and prove that I have asthma by trying to induce an asthma attack...fun times :oP I will wear my running shoes lol!
at work until 6pm then repotting two orchids.
is done doing silly quizzes...but they are so funny!!!  Good-night everyone!
is at work then the mall then off to *PROPNAME*'s :o)
is living with her personal trainer this week...Kapo, ab-ripper, kickboxing and cardio.
worst night ever! then I get this message? "hey so i just moved up here and ill be honest, living with someone but not getting needs met sexually and hoping to find someone in same position or at least who understands and can be discrete, if you may be interested let me know ,if not i am very sorry to have bothered you" I could be a god damn serial killer who gets off setting people on fire urg I fucking hate people!
had a wonderful talk with *PROPNAME*! Now to get a chance to chat with Heather and I will be totally happy :o) Looking for a job this week. "Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming"
wants to go home!!!
wonders why the tigerbooks link is broken half the time! I am trying to sell some books damn you! (I <3  Coffee)
working then to the gym
is deep in lust and going to bed :oP
has internet again!!!!!
...according to my personality profile my ideal partner is an ISTJ...interesting
truly believes in Murphy’s law…felt like giving up today, like quitting…I am going to keep going. Not sure how far I will get but I am going to push until they throw me out of here lol.
walked out of her house and onto a movie site this morning...."CUT!!!"...she said sorry and hurried out of the way....wow the lights were so bright!
is wishing her big-Ssista a super-awesome-tastic birthday!!!!!!!! I <3  you *PROPNAME*!!!!!!!!
is reading her new textbooks...so excited about taking Human Sexuality! I am going to make an A+
is at work until 1pm then maybe selling a book? Off with *PROPNAME* after that!!!!!
is at work until 6
“Just keep swimming, just keep swimming…” I am going to make that song my new theme song :oP Covered in hives so gone to buy some meds. Allergy doctor’s apt Oct 28 :o)
F.M.L. busy and stressed this week…midterms, assignments, papers, and working overtime for Open House…when I finish school I am running away to Hawaii and becoming an illegal immigrant
Working until 1pm then home to take a long shower and wash off my sour mood! Meeting *PROPNAME*’s Dad today!!!!!! :o)
has a bit of a fever....why is the H1N1 flu shot not out yet? Urrrrg I will be mad if I get sick :o(
cleaning, studying and then some laundry...I <3  Fridays :oP
@work, then home to study and clean.
Allergy specialist Wednesday so I cannot take Reactine for a few days…trying not to scratch! Bed soon, work tomorrow.
work today 8:30-4:30. Open House at *PROPNAME*! Stood outside in the freezing rain and now my mitts and scarf are soaked :oS Hahahahaha Come on weekend!
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head. When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status
tired and feeling sick, gone to bed! Sore throat, feet, legs and I get to do it again tomorrow.
work, work, work and then home to clean
...my doctor says I have "a cute virus"…or something like that Bahahahaha No H1N1 here…yet! Bath, lots of liquids and I might even take a nap. Need to get better for date night with *PROPNAME* tomorrow!
...no vaccine for me today :o(  uurrg I wonder if I could fake being pregnant to get in line? Bahahaha probably not :oP Hopefully I can get the vaccine soon....friggin asthma!!!
home from my midterm and now doing homework...class tonight until 7 :o(
wishes someone would invent a cure for migraines…third day with a headache so much work to do this weekend!!! Coffee, Tylenol and studying.
used to be a happy person…bread maker shorted out and caught fire :o( Out of our apartment for 2-3weeks while they repair damage…AHHHHHHHHHH!?!?!?!?!
…gone to pack up and move everything out of our 3-bedroom apartment and into our temp 2-bedroom apartment :oS
Exciting Saturday plans: write a literature review, study for my midterm Tuesday, grocery shopping, cleaning our apartment and maybe some late night laundry :o)
...fighting the flu with clementines. I carry them everywhere and when someone coughs//sneezes without covering their face ***WACK** I smack them with one and it works like a charm :oP
has internet again!!!!! So much work//studying to do....midterms woo hoo
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!! (Too busy for life and facebook this week)
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!!
working until 1:00pm...really needs a break
…wonders when living switched to just surviving. My life is covered in soot and stale sprinkler water. Work then gone to move some more stuff to our temp place…class presentation tonight :oS Can you get 'stress leave' from life?
thinks if she was less moral she would have a lot more money hahahaha!
burr, burr I am not ready for the cold...why can't I acclimatize! I need to start cold weather training in July lol.
...well I never knew I had a sister named *PROPNAME*?!?!?!?! Bahahahaha *PROPNAME* you made me laugh even though you were not here!!
Community Health Promotion exam tomorrow...bed soon, then I can start thinking about it being almost the holidays :o)
finished her last presentation tonight!!! Now two exams tomorrow morning...on the bright side one of them is Human sexuality :oD I am a total erotophile and proud of it :oP
bed, bed, bed, work tomorrow.
gone to *PROPNAME*'s!!!
work and then study, study, study!!!
uuummmmmmmmmm all men should learn how to dance before they are allowed to have sex with women :o) I love men!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
...loves posting pictures and playing "who do my nieces look most like" Working, then home to finish my paper and study
packing, packing, packing....burnt out. Moving back to Glengary tomorrow, working Friday then headed to Cape Breton Friday at 1:00pm with *PROPNAME*.....F*****WWWWKKKKKKK this entire year! I am so over moving three times in four months...FML....back to packing!
sore from moving last night...wind-burnt on my face and hands (I am so sexy bahahaha). FINALLY back in our apartment!...and leaving the mess to go home for the holidays :o) Working 9:30am-12:30pm running home to get *PROPNAME* then running to the shuttle and heading to Inverness @1:15pm :o) If we miss the shuttle you will see us sleeping on Spring Garden :oP...hummm cab to the shuttle it is!!!
uuurrrggggg...and then it all went to shit!
profane messages make my day hahahahaha…shower, pj’s, late news, then bed…wondering if you can actually classify the “best sex of your life”?
is gone to flirt shamelessly with police officers at their Christmas party. Is there anything better than a man in uniform? WAIT! One with handcuffs :oP
is eating an apple she got from a stranger...what is the worst thing that could happen? :oP
thinks she must say her name strangle when answering the phone at work, as most ppl hear (*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*)...I am not sure how they get that from "*PROPNAME* speaking" lol but it is funny to be called *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*??? Crazy day lol
has been in Cape Breton for 10 days...and has read 8 novels. Humm I almost wish I had studying to do lol. But everyone here is soooo nice :o)
...*PROPNAME* is leaving today to have an adventure...I miss her already.
...when the printer broke at work today, who do you think was asked to stand and manually feed the paper tray one sheet at a time? FML...University education, peer mediation//drug//suicide intervention training, International coordinating experience...I am a paper tray bahahahahaha! (Work until 1pm then class until 7:30pm)
is gone home for the day....
getting off work at 6:00pm, WalMart then Harry Potter@9:40pm with the twinnies!!!!
getting ready for the storm to hit Cape Breton...shuttle tomorrow to Halifax (I hope)
R.I.P Sergent *PROPNAME*...my thoughts and sympathy to your friends and family. You always made me laugh even when I wanted to cry...NS has lost a great soldier
...hopes that Canada sends some help to Port-Au-Prince Haiti today
...gone to bed with *PROPNAME*' Red Dragon
...makin' supper then laundry and a little homework
...heading to the gym with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and my sista!!
the end of the summer business season is here...slow days of work ahead...facebook quiz time hahahaha. Well some of them are fun.
is wondering what hurricane Bill is going to be like...getting ready just in case :o)
...work, class and gym tonight!
wants everyone to fill out the big five personality quiz I am sending out :o)
great time at the gym, thanks ladies and *PROPNAME*! To bed to sleep, to sleep to dream...
is an atheist please respect my beliefs and stop sending me jesus, god and (insert other deity) crap. Thanks.
is working, working, working...
classes, maybe a movie with the twinnies after classes
...getting some readings done for class. Work and class demain.
Is so far away from the people who care about her…feeling really sad//upset tonight.
yeah *PROPNAME* is home! Work until 6pm.
…over the counter back pills make me sleepy, not good when I have classes all day :oS
is home from work, lunch then classes until 7:30pm. Feeling so run-down…wish I could trade body’s or immune systems with someone. Might find out what is wrong with me soon! Waiting for another CT scan.
…back to work//school and feeling exhausted :oS Hope I am not getting sick!
Was asked why our University has co-ed bathrooms by a lady from Texas today. When I replied because co-ed washrooms are inclusive for everyone, especially people who fall somewhere between our male//female definition...she replied “Pufff that must be a Canadian thing”. Inclusion..a Canadian thing :o)
...it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter…I am noticing a pattern with this weather.
...it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter…I am noticing a patter with this weather.
...yeah it's FRIDAY! Class and then some homework :o) *PROPNAME*'s is a rotten, lame movie!
...off to work. Work part-time, class full-time, life? no time :oP
It’s "Doppelgänger Week" on Facebook. Change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you resemble. And repost this
is checking out *PROPNAME*'s challenges...I might try out a few. Nothing wrong with eating more raw veggies or going Vegan for a month :o)
...just keep swimming, studying.
busy and stressed out today!
...surround yourself with people in your life who make all of the work//effort//time worth it.
...loves *PROPNAME*'s "What do you want from me?"
...is sooo excited that she bought one of *PROPNAME*'s rapure pies from Sobeys. Life is good :o) Olympics at 7 or 7:30pm tonight!
places to go, people to see, papers to write and homework to read. Having a productive day :o)#SEPARATOR#is facing a difficult two weeks.
can't wait!
is happy.  Simple as that.
is back from the movies and just taking a breather.  How can life have changed so much in just a few months?
thinks gossips talk so much about other people's lives because they must not be too comfortable with their own.
is excited about this weekend!  Fun, yay!
is not doing the chores that need doing. -_-
is in Indiana for the weekend! <3
is with *PROPNAME*. <3
is back in Chicago (for now).
I saw you smiling at me... was it real or just my fantasy...
says hi.
doesn't have time to worry or be nervous.
Being kicked in the pinky apparently really hurts... the next day.
has lots to do until the 28th... so much for 100% fun summer.
is done with the final exam... and anxiously awaiting a weekend of fun!  Fireworks, anyone?
is going to Six Flags//Hurricane Harbor with *PROPNAME* tomorrow... then taking him on a bus tour of Chicago on Thursday! Yay! <3
Six Flags today, Dells tomorrow!
jest ca?kowicie zakochana.
wants to crawl into bed already.
would be perfectly content if forever was here.
has miles to go before she sleeps.
When all I want is something different and you couldn't give it to me... And all you do is lie to me.
is going to Chicago for a couple of hours and then to Crivitz! :D
is beginning her fall semester today... Public International Law, here I come. :)
long day full of yays and mehs...
wants to see the season finale of True Blood already!
is watching Iron Jawed Angels.
is seeing Nine Inch Nails tonight... but more importantly, Tony.
The last month of summer vacation has begun.
gets jittery from coffee.  Bring it on!  RAWR!
is still in Fort Wayne and is excited about Crivitz this weekend! :D
How long of an extension cord would I need to keep my phone plugged in at home and go to *PROPNAME*?
had a great time at Crivitz... and is already missing *PROPNAME*. <3
full week+ of Fort Wayne! :D
is packing.
already misses *PROPNAME*... but he's coming back, and we're going to go to Six Flags for real on Sunday!  And Wisconsin Dells! What a wonderful life.  MW <3 AH.
getting out, getting out, not staying in the house...
has miles to go before she sleeps.
bruised her heel!
is seeing *PROPNAME* tonight after class, and we're going to see Egypt Central in concert tomorrow!  (Only the start of a wonderful weekend!)
and *PROPNAME* sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G... <3
had a great weekend with *PROPNAME*... dancing, sightseeing, and most, importantly, just being together. :)
is going out with *PROPNAME* tonight. :)
is reading *PROPNAME*'s Secret Life of Bees... and watching season 3 of Dexter.
is happy!
going out to Martini Park tonight with *PROPNAME*!
s computer works... exactly like it did when it came out of the box. GG reformatting (unwillingly).
has renewed enthusiasm for life.  I can't wait to get started on all the things that need doing.
is so lucky to have him. <3
can't wait to see *PROPNAME*!
is in Fort Wayne for Labor Day weekend. :D
is seeing *PROPNAME* this weekend. :)  We're going to the Shedd Aquarium and doing other fun stuffs. <3
misses *PROPNAME*. I wish we could kick back and have a quiet evening tonight.
wishes for more time to do homework... so much reading, so little time.
needs inspiration to re-organize her space... and time.  Oh yes, time.
wishing it were Friday.
s heart is on its way back to Fort Wayne.
looks forward to forever with *PROPNAME*. <3
is going to see *PROPNAME* tonight, yay!
is 57% done with class today and just wants to go home and organize (and maybe find the USB cord to my phone so I get some new music on here).
is going to get busy tonight... writing a paper. :(
will be at her Women's Law class tonight - it's always a fun one!
is excited about seeing *PROPNAME* tonight and going on the boat cruise!
and *PROPNAME* are getting married July 17, 2010!
is with *PROPNAME*!
misses having hobbies.  Geez, law school, suck the life out of me, why don't you?
is so tired... from train to home to train to school to train to home... all in one day. No more, please. //whimper
s throat hurts.  Please don't let me get sick this close to finals...
When you've hidden an application in your news feed, is there anyway to bring it back?
is angry at quizzes that post to your status!
is stressing about finals.  So much to do, so little time.  Luckily, I have the amazing prize of being with *PROPNAME* worry-free once all this work is done.
had a wonderful weekend with *PROPNAME* and his family! :)
went to Riot Fest this weekend with *PROPNAME*!
needs a job.
loves the holidays... but loves them more with a *PROPNAME*.
watched The Hours today... what a trip.
needs to cut back on Dragon Age.
is so excited about the future with *PROPNAME*... i.e., next weekend! Haha.
had fun tonight at Bottom Lounge!  Nice seeing everyone. :)
is studying, doing laundry, studying, going shopping, studying, and cooking for *PROPNAME* tonight!  Yippee!
Winter break, be here already!
went to a bridal expo this weekend with *PROPNAME*.  We are so damn giddy about getting married.  Being sick has never been so good. 
is cooking with *PROPNAME*!
thinks *PROPNAME*'s Family Law would be better with finger-food, music, strobe lights, and burlesque dancers... and no case briefing. :D
is sick, but *PROPNAME* being here tonight will make it better.
Done with Family Law!
wishes life weren't so gray-scale... There are things I fear that excite me, things I want that I'm not sure I want, things I'm doing that I wish I were not, things I should be doing that I dread, and things that I want to put off but can't wait to get over with.  WTH life, how about giving me 2+2 instead of [x^3-x^2]//[(x^2+9)^3dx]?
is studying with Lord of the Rings in the background.  The holidays are just not the holidays without Lord of the Rings for some reason.
is in for the day.  The snow is coming down steadily outside, and it's beautiful.  A little music, a little hot tea, and a little work can make this a decent day.  Any advice for clearing out a cluttered basement?
has *PROPNAME* in Chicago... for good. <3
hopes everyone is spending their New Year like I am... with the person they love most. <3
Merry Christmas to all!
2 down, 3 to go.
Food Network.
dreading the Family Law exam tomorrow.  Last one, but ugh....
was late for her first class this semester, forgot her locker # and combination, bought the wrong book for a class, missed the distribution times for the U-Pass, and loves *PROPNAME*.
Basement mostly cleared out, stew on the stove, dishes done... Now for the ache in my back and hands to disappear, and I'll be sittin' pretty.
misses *PROPNAME* already.
Anyone looking for a roommate in Lakeview or Lincoln Park? Any help appreciated... Thanks...
is starting school on Monday... Con Law II, Trial Ad, Animal Law, Veteran's Advocacy, and Sexual Orientation Law... should be interesting.
1 more exam... and finishing a take-home.  It's almost over.
Conlaw 2 tonight.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Lazy Sunday.
can't believe the new semester is starting so soon...
was late to class as usual... and misses *PROPNAME* (as usual).
Go to UrbanDictionary.com, type in your first name, copy//paste this as your status and the definition as your first comment... and GO!!
is so happy!  *PROPNAME* got a job today!!!
is making eggs and bacon before it's officially noon. 
is in for another long day.
had a great time at the Dekalb County Fair!  The concert was fun, the farm animals were cute, and *PROPNAME* was wonderful as always.
is celebratin' good times!
loves her Valentine. <3#SEPARATOR#Now we are headed to *PROPNAME*'s to watch *PROPNAME* and Me again!
Off to the drive in to see Transformers and Star Trek!!!!!!!!!
Still not smoking and my mood is improving.
insomnia a man's best freind.
is relaxing at home, and then going for a walk with *PROPNAME*.
Has had a successful day selling jewelry.  Congrats to my wife for seliing a beautiful drawing!
is tired after a long day.
feeling that life is good.
I will be getting a new tattoo in about 10 hours.
Still not smoking and feeling pretty good!  Hopefully the worst is over!
I've got cheap *PROPNAME* tickets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Call 773-962-7899!!!!
is wondering why *PROPNAME* is so popular?
Once again can't sleep, but too tired to do anything productive.
Gettin ready top head out to The Glenn Ellyn Art Fest!!!!!!!!!!!  Maybe I'll get to see Heavy The Fall!!
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT: if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of your first memory of you and me. When finished, post this paragraph on your own status
Enjoyed mini golf and dinner with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* yesterday.
One month without a cigarette!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is looking forward to moving to DeKalb at the end of May!
is sick and can't sleep. Waiting for my new phone to come later today.
Still you feed us lies from the tablecloth.
is thinking about going to graduate school?  Not quite sure, just exploring the idea.  There is quite a bit to consider.
Why do they always send the poor?
is having a dinner party with freinds.
is back at home with *PROPNAME*.  I was having asthma difficulties at her palce.
Jammin my Lady GaGa CD, I got from *PROPNAME* for Christmas!!!!!!!!!!!  She ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!
can't sleep.
is chillin at home with my buddy Mike.
*PROPNAME* *PROPNAME*, generous, fun-loving, all-around good guy and manager at *PROPNAME*'s Fox Valley will sponsor this fundraising event on behalf of the Awakenings Project. We will receive 10% of the proceeds of all the meals sold on Jan. 29th between the hours of 4 PM and 10 PM. Even those purchased by people who don't know Awakeni...ngs. But since you are part of our facebook group, you do know us!
The Awakenings Project meets *PROPNAME*'s!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
http:////www.paintingsbyjeffree.com
THE OWNER OF FACEBOOK HAS CONFIRMED THAT THEY WILL SEND $1 DOLLAR TO THE RESCUE FUND FOR THE HAITI EARTHQUAKE DISASTER FOR EVERY TIME THIS IS CUT AND PASTED AS A STATUS. YOU ONLY HAVE TO LEAVE IT UP FOR 1 HOUR. LET'S ALL DO IT TO SUPPORT THANKS ... true or not, it's worth a try.
Awakenings and *PROPNAME*'s
Gettin ready to take *PROPNAME* to the doctor.
is gettin ready to head out to my group!
Once agaian getting ready to take *PROPNAME* to the doctor.
Waiting for freinds to come over on this cold and snowy day!
My old roomate from Englewood, *PROPNAME*, is in town.#SEPARATOR#is watching "eraserhead".....this freaky boston weather today is perfect weather for david lynch film.
wants to punch mother nature in the face....rain, fog, and drizzle for a month?!
is wishing the williams sisters would lose to stosur//stubbs, but it doesn't look good.
is reading about polystrate fossils, Uniformitarianism, and *PROPNAME*'s appointment to run the Texas State Education Board....the more I learn the more horrified I become.
is attending a multi-country bar-b-que....me, one brit, one swiss, one french, a cuban american, a jewish american, one turk, and some hungarians...happy 4th!
just found out his sis and brother-in-law are mov'in to hawaii....uh yea.
creative block....schematic drawing due tomorrow....design gods please give me somethin' to work with!!!
big congrats to my friend laura from wayland and her partner beth who just got hitched on prince edward island.
is slow this morning getting to the gsd library for a day of study....neeeed cofffffeee.
jesus healed the sick and loved his enemies.....america rejects national healthcare and pours money into wars....hmmmm.
is in bed reading the "cultural landscape treatment report for the gropius house, lincoln, ma"....jawohl bauhaus!
doesn't want to finish his paper for class...grrrr.
is more wag, less bark today.
just got back from a Shiva.
Ambrosia artemisiifolia why are you so cruel?
chuck taylors, combat boots, or vintage prada penny loafers today?
off to gaslight for brunch then south end open studios to be artsy fartsy...........actually more artsy less fartsy.
is more bark, less wag today.
there's a Sonic in Massachusetts!!!
those who are tardy do not get fruit cup
just in from a fun fall night at the harvard//brown game...harvard won..go crimson!... down with the brown!
just elected to the HGLC Executive Board tonite...very honored to serve the caucus.
snow flurries in suburbia.....what?!  so soon....argh!
"oath keepers" the latest conspiracy group diverting extreme conservatives from actually doing the people's business....i think william f. buckley, jr. just did a 360 turn in his grave.
someone just said to me "this font reminds me of you"
back in beantown after a nice vermont excursion
oh levi, levi, levi..you naughty boy
is not luvin' site engineering homework tonite
really wants a kinky for govenor 2010 poster
sad day....jeanne claude, wife of christo passed yesterday.  met them a couple of years ago in their soho studio...two of the most passionate artists i've ever had the pleasure meeting.
less than 24 hours and i will be free (academically) from grading landscapes, swales, sidewalks with pitches, slope, topography models, and designing cemetery sections....good bye site engineering...i won't miss you.
is doing a week of *PROPNAME*(who lives here at the Schlesinger) posts in honor of the movie coming out on Friday.
is watching the large amount of black sedans, suvs, and police heading toward the jfk library from my studio window.
is hungry for haggis
going to see newt gingrich speak thursday night at the kennedy school of government forum.........anyone have a good question i can ask him during the q and a?
Friends in MA always say Texas elects idiots, well now I have a come back...thanks *PROPNAME*.
is shaking his head wondering when some of his conservative christian friends became so hate filled that they will join any anti-obama group on facebook.#SEPARATOR#says Thank You So Much to everyone who helped to make The Graduation a Huge Success!
Noticed that the FDIC closed SEVEN banks today.  Usually it is zero, one, two, or three.  Last week it was five.  That was a little bit disturbing.  But seven?  Query: will it always be a prime number?
also watches the chickens (6) after work.
is irritated that, the day after he got his new modem, the blogging service went down for an upgrade.
is back online, after four days with no modem.
got twenty pounds of freshly-roasted chile today.  Now my Subaru will have a delightfully spicy aroma for a week or two.
notes: "Honey mesquite pods were a primary food of the residents of the SW North American deserts (Felger 1977). Pods are quite sweet and whole pod composition is 80% carbohydrate, 13% protein, 25% fiber, and 3% fat (Zolfaghari et al. 1982). The pods are 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
tried transplanting palo verde trees today.  We'll see how they do.  If I can get one to grow by the arroyo, then everyone downstream will have them too. Eventually.
"If hard work were such a wonderful thing, surely the rich would have kept it all to themselves." --J *PROPNAME*,  former President of the AFL-CIO
did not expect to see snow, whilst planting daffodil bulbs.
Angel food cake with NO FROSTING.  Instead: brandied cherry-chocolate sauce!
4 inches of rain in the last 36 hours, with more to come.  (Normal is 8 inches per year.)  Plus there is snow on the mountains.
If you seek a pleasant peninsula...
I won't post any downer economic collapse articles this weekend
When I was younger I would record my favorite songs onto a piece of papyrus.
Has extra tickets for the University of Chicago graduation.   ... Can you believe it?  Stand in the rain for 45 minutes, then nobody even bothers to take your tickets when you get to the event.
*PROPNAME* got here last night.  The t-shirts and cherries came this morning.  Thank you, everyone.
No snow yet down south, but it is raining.  Snow is expected, but only a trace.
Trees arrived.  Weekend "chore:" plant Wonderful Pomegranate Tree, All-In-One Almond Tree, Pawnee Pecan Tree, and Stuart Pecan Tree.
Hard drive problem?  Made funny noises twice and failed to boot.  Finally booted (obviously).  I am going to install a new one now.  Don't expect updates for a few minutes (hah!).  Of course the last time this happened, I installed a new drive, used the old one for backup, and the old continued working for years.  So this could all be a waste of time and money.
About the clutter.  *PROPNAME* and I are playing Farmville.  This generates messages on Facebook, messages that are of no interest to anyone not playing.  To stop seeing this clutter, follow these steps: point your mouse at one of the offending items.  The word "hide appears in the upper right.  Click the word "hide".  Additional options appear.  Click "Hide Farmville." You still we see any of our other items.
put his hat on, and spent much of the afternoon collecting mesquite and yucca seeds, then buying them all over the place.  Few will ever sprout.  But some will.
Lunch: salad, with tuna and DRIED MICHIGAN CHERRIES.  Thanks, Mom.
is sad to see *PROPNAME* go, but very happy he was able to be here.
*PROPNAME* and I planted four trees on Monday, and today we got an inch of rain. There are two pecan trees (to pollinize each other), an all-in-one almond (two varieties grafted, so no additional pollinizer needed), and a pomegranate (self-pollinizing).  Life is easy, sometimes.
My cat is looking for the door into summer.
is glad that his car is not infested with Madagascar Hissing Cockroaches.
Note in my homeowner's insurance policy: "Discharge of a nuclear weapon shall be deemed a warlike act, even if accidental."  You can be sure that I will call and complain immediately if our house is destroyed by a nuclear weapon.
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized. --Mike Ditka No thanks. --jcy
Has anyone figured out how to filter the Facebook feeds, using the new Facebook page?  I will be annoyed if this functionality has been lost.
0.7 inches of rain!!!
100% of people will not copy and paste this.
Thanks everyone for all the help.  At this point, Ijust need 1 harmess, 2 horseshoes, 2 nails, and 2 boards
If you find yourself wondering about things such as "how long of a time period is 17% of eight hours?" and it makes your brain hurt to figure it out in your head, you can go to Google and type in "17% of eight hours" and it will tell you.
I have not blocked anyone.  Disregard any notice to the contrary.#SEPARATOR#is trying to get in touch with the notorious V.A.L.   Yo, *PROPNAME*, call be back sistah!
would now like to rename her son *PROPNAME*
is missing all of her CTY peeps.  She hopes they will keep her updated on what happening in that little town with big city problems.
is proud to admit she is a 35 year old mom who LOVES Eminem.
Date Night!  Woo Hoo!!!!!!!!!
loved hanging out with Klocks!
It is so true - your hair always looks great the day before you have a hair appointment.  However, as soon as I step out in this humidity, I will be jolted back to reality.
enjoyed her Wednesday night.
is helping her husband start his facebook account.  Oh no.
heard someone say that status updates are the ultimate form of narcissism.  Got her thinkin'.  Could that be true?
is wondering how the 8lb kid and the 91lb dog will do in the back of the Altima on a road trip.  I guess we'll see!!
drank too much iced tea before bed.
It's raining, it's pouring...and I just flat ironed my hair.  Bleh.
is longing for the comfort of familiar.
is listening to my dog, my husband, and my baby snore...simultaneously.  I AM SURROUNDED!!!
is once again wishing for a gardener and a maid.
doesn't think Carlisle is going to happen this summer.  Sorry guys!
messing with her new MacBook Pro, thanks Albemarle County!
is hoping *PROPNAME* slept through the night for *PROPNAME*.
Happy Birthday, Cash!
in need of a babysitter the afternoon and evening of UVA v. VT...any ideas?  Know any great sitters?  HELP!  :)
thinks she's a rock star...THINKS.  Bleh.
Bring it, Wankees.
is taking care of *PROPNAME* and his first cold.  Mommy no likey.
i wonder...
is thinking about a CTY reunion...hmmmm.......
is loving socialinterview.com
Recognized more silver lining than cloud on a fairly cloudy day - what a freeing experience!
Fly Eagles Fly!  On the road to victory!  Fight Eagles Fight! Get a touchdown one, two, three... (four, etc. etc.)  :)
My husband is out in the 18" playing with the dog and the neighbors' kids.  Gotta love him.
Anyone know a plow guy lookin' for work?  haha.  Seriously, if you know anyone that can get to us today or early tomorrow - send me the info, yo.
The largest front end loader I have ever seen just plowed our driveway.  Ah, the smell of freedom.
Raise your hand if you are snowed in AND consuming way too many calories.  I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!
Watching NCIS marathon.  Last time I did this, I investigated mysterious deaths all night long!  And I had to work the next day!
Reality check.  We are fortunate.  Prayers for Haiti.
believes thinking is over-rated.
Anyone interested in training for the Cville 10 miler with me?
To CTYers past and present, I urge you to do two things: 1) Dust off your Garden State soundtrack, there was a reason we listened to it non-stop for 42 days. 2) Mark July 16-18 in your calendar - we are all descending on the land of milk and honey.  Carlizzle fo' shizzle.
My FB font is huge - regular size on every other program - what did I do?  Help!
Inside Edition has hit an all time low.  Lead story: Will the crisis in Haiti affect the Golden Globe Awards?
Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice. Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice.
The lady at Panera didn't even have to ask me my name today. It showed up on my receipt - spelled correctly.  Maybe I need to hit up Greenberry's for a little bit.
Anyone have a gently-used treadmill they'd like to sell?
Heard since it's Vday weekend that people were changing their profile pics. Don't have a pictures of me and all three of my valentines (but *PROPNAME* is in the belly here) Can you imagine if I tried picking up *PROPNAME* now? :)#SEPARATOR#is playing Final Fantasy VII :)
is in love with college and can't wait to start in September :)
is pissed off that The Godfather isn't streaming properly :@
is in a really shit mood, fucking ps3 has a "Serious Error" in less than 6 fucking months :@, Also Msn is being a faggot and not letting me speak -.-
has a new number, ask me if you need it
is watching The Godfather trilogy back to back on Blu-Ray :D
is looking forward to Bridge on the 25th :)
is watching The Godfather
Anyone bothering to go Lava tomorrow?
Anyone know where I can get UV Paint cheapish not from Amazon?
is wondering what the fuck X-Factor is coming to. I mean, *PROPNAME* beating *PROPNAME*? What is this crap
is jammin on DJ Hero with *PROPNAME*
Did you know that it couldn't be more blatent that the X-Factor was fixed unless *PROPNAME* openly admitted he was gay with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*
thinks it would be quite amusing to see *PROPNAME* get Number 1 with the original version of The Climb.
Merry Christams to all my friends on facebook :)
WoWo Rage is Number 1 xD
just bought his Hadouken! tickets :) anyone else goin?
had a good time watchin London Wasps lose in the cold today ://
is watching District 9
thinks tomorrow with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* ? and *PROPNAME* is gunna be jokes at Dancin Dragon 
hasn't noticed anything new with facebook, what am I missing?
thinks tonight was a pretty good night, even if *PROPNAME* is incapable of finding bathrooms in Strada#SEPARATOR#Thanks for all the mazal tovs // congratulations.  :-)
*PROPNAME* and I are engaged!  :-)  I'm so happy.
"This is the day, come what may I'll still be saying this is the day." Loving camp!  :-)
Two more weeks left of camp.  Looking forward to seeing *PROPNAME* on the Roof on Sunday, August 9th!
Thank goodness my voice is back.  :-)  Shabbat Shalom everyone!
I've officially booked an October flight to New York to visit my future husband.  :-)
Lesson planning and creating a calendar for the school year... hard to believe I will be teaching already on Sunday.
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. No one should be unable to change jobs because of a "pre-existing condition." If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
Shabbat Shalom!
I hate the fact that I currently have no computer.  It is not fun to have to borrow other people's computers.
I am thankful for webcams.  It is nice to be able to see my fiance online while he is in New York.  :-)
I'm liking my new desktop computer and thankful that it is not giving me any grief thus far.  :-) Shanah Tovah (Happy Jewish New Year)!
To all my Jewish friends: Gemar chatimah tovah.- May your final sealing (in the Book of Life) be good.
Enjoyed spending the weekend with my love.  Now it is back to the grind.
is hoping that everyone who fasted for Yom Kippur had an easy fast and a meaningful prayer experience.
Can't wait until Friday morning when I'll be in my fiance's arms.  :-)
Contemplating the Forms and Plato's utopian society as I write my paper on Plato.  Please note that I do not actually agree with Plato's ideas, but I find them fascinating.
I am getting less and less sleep due to midterms.  :-(
I'm so excited about my upcoming trip to New York!  :-)  I leave Thursday night on a red eye.
Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is gay. My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease: people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE.
I see the light at the end of the tunnel!  Liturgy take home final due Friday and last but not least, Philosophy of Education paper to complete during Winter Break.
I hate having laryngitis as a songleader.  I want to be able to do my job, but I can't.  :-(
Now that *PROPNAME* has returned to New York, I am finally working on completing my philosophy of Jewish education paper.  It is pleasant to do school work after two weeks of rest, relaxation, and fun.  :-)#SEPARATOR#is back from D.C. and is very tired...
is holding *PROPNAME* in the Light...
is wondering what one does when hail comes down your chimney and is bouncing all over your living room floor...my first thought is to put a big tupperware in the fireplace to catch it all and then I'd have the awesome kind of crunchy ice that you get at S
is trying to tame her to-do list...
wishes her bro a happy birthday!
is holding *PROPNAME* in the Light as he crosses the Threshold...
enjoyed an incredible concert this afternoon by her friend and colleague        K-Pad...who is infused with musical talent, versatility, & passion.
#NAME?
is thinking about *PROPNAME* 's words - "It feels like - electricity. Yeah, electricity."
is smiling...
is noting the irony of her car overheating on the way to and from Devil's Head Fire Lookout Tower today...
is trying to figure out how to talk to children about jesus being the bread of life...
is looking forward to Taize tonight...
is in awe of the cycle of life after visiting a 103 year old woman and then hearing the heartbeats of three little triplets at 28 weeks in their mommy's tummy! back to back hospital visits -- being a pastor is so cool. people pay us to do this?? (not that
was told today (by a nurse at the hospital) that "a pastor is the last thing she would take me for." which begs the question...what is the first thing she would take me for?
wishes she could teleport herself to Dallas tonight to celebrate George's 20th anniversary at Wilshire...
went fly fishing today for the first time and LOVED it...thanks to *PROPNAME* for being such a fabulous teacher! This is the first fish I caught...a pretty big rainbow trout. We had to resuscitate him a bit when we released him back into the water...I didn't kn
is changing gears from "nurse" back to "pastor" as *PROPNAME* is back in Laramie and Sunday morning is coming soon...
is sitting in her clean house anticipating the arrival of the youth group...home made ice cream and frolicking in Wash Park...perfect summer evening.
is spending her Saturday sleeping & sermonizing & snacking.
just "is."
welcomes *PROPNAME* into the world!  Congratulations *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!
went white water rafting today for the first time in 10 years...since senior trip at WBC! Thought of you Wilshire friends - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...
is grateful for The Threshold's ministry...I could sit in Taize for hours.
is going to her first Broncos game tonight and her first Rockies game tomorrow night! Thanks to *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*...and *PROPNAME*!
is savoring vanilla gelato garnished with fresh raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, & strawberries...
is missing *PROPNAME* (and *PROPNAME*)
feels so blessed by her church family...there couldn't be a better church to serve than Calvary!
has too much to do in too little time. Why is the "to-do" list getting longer every day instead of shorter?
is beginning yet another weekend with too much to do in too little time...hmm...no more bulletin board or nametag board projects for a long time...
likes Laramie.
is stoked that *PROPNAME*'s off the river and back in cell phone range!
is not pleased with the 9th inning of the Rockies//Cardinals game...
always enjoys the quiet sanctity of the church in the early morning hours on Sunday...
is taking care of *PROPNAME* post-sinus surgery...he is sans a giant fistful of polyps. Yeah!
It's pretty easy to switch my loyalties from Dallas to Denver with the Rockies in the playoffs & the Broncos beating the Cowboys...
is giving thanks for *PROPNAME*'s life and friendship and can't believe she would have been 27 today...
is sermonizing after having accidentally slept all day...
is headed to the Franciscan Retreat Center in Colorado Springs for the SoulJourners Retreat...
had a fabulous celebratory evening with the *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, & *PROPNAME* last night in Big D - and is now off to see her brother's new house...
is not okay with the fact that a mouse keeps traipsing across her living room as if he's been living here his whole life. I'm off to buy poison or a trap or something -- but somebody please reassure me that he will not climb up into my bed tonight...please!
is sermonizing on seat selection, servanthood, & stewardship...
is packing up and heading to Wyoming for 48 hours (give or take) of pure "vacation!"
is off to Laramie for a couple days!
is praying for *PROPNAME*...
is stoked that she is going to hear *PROPNAME* tomorrow night - in Denver!   Ah...memories of "Downstairs Cafe" and "Uncle Calvin's" in Dallas and "Club Passim" in Cambridge...
is missing her matthew...
is in Dallas...
Wow. Thanks for all the birthday greetings! 'twas a good day...and giving God thanks for all of you...
is sermonizing...her favorite saturday night pastime...
is sick. :(
is sermonizing and soothing her sore throat...slowly but surely my health is returning! Thanks be to God!
is still sick...and wishes she wasn't...
wishes *PROPNAME* wasn't stuck in Chicago...how many flights can be cancelled for one person in 48 hours?
is thinking a *PROPNAME* movie marathon is calling her name...
is still sick...day 8...hopefully by the new year i'll be well...
is ringing in the new year with a bowl of Kix & a glass of water & Wii golf.  yeah...i'm cool. 
just saw a tragic//comedic drama - August: Osage County - and thought it was intensely true and devastating and redemptive and isolating and packed with anger, hurt, joy, confusion, misunderstandings, and innocent deceptions. This family could be the centerpiece of a dissertation on family systems theory!
is still sick...first time to miss christmas eve services...good thing i have great colleagues...
is relaxing with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, & *PROPNAME*...and *PROPNAME* is showing me pictures of Boston and making me sad...
*PROPNAME* is excited about Epiphany...her second favorite Liturgical Season!
is officially one year behind in her thank you note writing.
is excited that *PROPNAME* Crews is coming to Denver tomorrow!
enjoyed the Santa Fe Arts Walk tonight!
is going to hear *PROPNAME* read her own poetry tonight...
is excited that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* will be in Denver soon!
is enjoying re-connecting with colleagues at the resident reunion in Dallas...
can't wait for *PROPNAME* to get here!
is happy for New Orleans...
is sermonizing in hopes of being transfigured in the process...#SEPARATOR#hanging out with *PROPNAME* :)
is happy to finally be home for a while after lots of running around lately!
sad about the loss of the elephant calf at the Memphis Zoo:(
would like to know why our water is off
is doing some major housecleaning!
didn't think that coming to take care of the water heater first thing in the morning meant 11...I guess there's still 45 mins until it afternoon!
just had a wonderful chat with *PROPNAME* on the phone and is about to start making dinner:)
went to see "The Hangover" tonight then came home to enjoy a nice relaxing jacuzzi tub bath with a glass of wine...life doesn't get much better than that!
For once I meant to let my phone battery die all the way before recharging and did I remember to plug it in once it reached that point? Not until just now...oops
is making rice krispies treats!
Is excited to have 2 more new books from Paperback swap but can't decide what to read now!
is annoyed that GM decided it would be cool to have some stupid ass bracket for wiper blades on the G6 resulting in me having to pay $70 for replacement blades.
had a good workout at the gym this afternoon, just took a nice relaxing jacuzzi bath and now off to bed with fresh from the dyer sheets. Ahhhhh fantastic:)
The first 2 Atlantic tropical storms, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, have formed. I'm not too worried but have to admit there's a little unease about the idea of something making it here. Afterall, this is my first rodeo!
*PROPNAME* and her friend are coming to visit me next weekend!!! So excited!!!
had a great day with a wonderful friend and a wonderful evening with a great boyfriend. I'm one lucky girl:)
Sometimes, I'll watch a movie that I watched when I was younger and suddenly realize I had no idea what the f**k was going on when I first saw it.
is nervous about getting cavities filled for the first time ever tomorrow:( The up side is that it probably isn't as bad as repair work from stepping on a shovel
is excited about dinner and movie date night:)
How many times is it appropriate to say "What?" before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear what they said?
*PROPNAME* brought me breakfast in bed this morning, hanging out with *PROPNAME* later, then a delicious pineapple pork chop dinner made by *PROPNAME* and watching a movie..what a great day it's going to be!:D
If *PROPNAME* San Diego and *PROPNAME* ever got together, their offspring would probably just be completely invisible.
is trying to decide what to stock the fridge with so there is a chance that *PROPNAME* will eat something besides fast food for 5 days that I'm gone! :)
is a huge nerd and posting books on paperback swap:)
Bad news: Novocaine is wearing off so my mouth is hurting a bit now. Good news: I can now drink my pumpkin spice latte without dribbling:)
is glad that we waited to watch Wolverine as a rental.
is wondering how many people get themselves screwed out of money by not paying attention and keeping records of stuff. I just added another $70 to my "um no dumby actually I don't owe you that money" total. Yay me:)
I like all of the music in my iTunes, except when it's on shuffle, then I like about one in every fifteen songs in my iTunes.
"You try growing up in a trailer park with nothing but dust mites and Lithuanians and see where that gets you"..a line from a terrible movie on netflix on demand, but it made me giggle
is off to the gym!
is feeling productive after posting *PROPNAME*'s care on autotrader. If anyone is possibly interested in a 2006 Honda Civic Si for ~$13500 let me know. I will post the link too once it's officially up on the site!
off to the store to get the things I need to make caramel apple cookies. I hope that mine turn out as good as the picture! I also hope that they have the caramel bits I need at this Walmart!
is wondering what the heck? Last week my computer hard drive died and just a few minutes ago I got the blue screen of death from my DirecTV box saying a problem has been detected on my hard drive. Not cool.
Fantastic day of hanging out with friends and doing some shopping:) Relaxing on the couch reading for a bit
had a busy day. Time for a nap before possibly carving pumpkins this evening:)
perhaps *PROPNAME* putting off getting our Halloween costumes for so long was really his way of helping me find my awesome costume idea :)
Happy Halloween! Almost timet to make some snacks for the party tonight:)
Carving pumpkins with *PROPNAME*...pictures to come soon:)
shooting and punching some stuff in Borderlands:)
just heard a commercial on the radio about some pill to lower cholesterol. They actually said "Do you have high cholesterol due to poor diet or lack of exercise? Then you need to try this"  No, actually you need to try improving your diet and exercising a bit first.  Just a crazy thought I had...
is happy that my new hard drive is installed. Yay!
is pretty sure I'm coming down with whatever *PROPNAME* considering I just folded a load of towels and now feel completely drained.  The good news is that the TV is working again:)
is not having a good night. Watching some TV then heading to bed.
is making some grub
is not happy that our A//C is not working. Grrrr
just finished watching "The Ugly Truth", cute movie:)
has a cold:(
just finished watching " Dear Zachary: a letter from a father to his son". It was a pretty good documentary but very emotional...I suggest having tissues nearby
plans to sit on the couch watching movies all day.
almost time to make white chicken chili with cheddar jalepeno hushpuppy crust. It's going to be even better than usual 'cause we finally have some fall weather here!
just saw a commercial for Rihanna's 20//20 interview about her ordeal with *PROPNAME*...isn't it convenient that she is finally able to talk about it in an interview aired the day after her new album comes out?
is watching "The Proposal". *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*...even if the movie is crap it won't be a total waste:)
is excited about my helicopter shaped cookie cutter:)
mmm peppermint mocha coffee creamer:)
doing some online Christmas shopping
doesn't know what to make of the fact that based on my interest in TV shows like "Brotherhood" and "Californication" , Netflix has a recommendations section of other "Dysfunctional family dramas"  This includes "Dexter" and "Rescue Me" which are both shows I watch. Oh Netflix you know me so well.
is not sure what the repairman fiddled with yesterday to get some warm air to come out of the heater for a while but I'm pretty sure that the heat is still not working quite right considering that after running for 8 hours with the thermostat set to 72 it is still only 65 in my house and there is cool..no cold air blasting out of the vents...and yes it is on heat not AC
wasn't very impressed with "Taking of Pelham 123" although I was amused by *PROPNAME*'s character talking about the girl he took to Iceland..a Lithuanian ass model named Lavitika.  Ha
is happy to have a new working DirecTV box. I can open the guide and switch channels without it freezing....and the DVR works. I can now go back to waiting until a few minutes into a show before I start watching and then fast forward through commercials!
is getting very excited about decorating for Christmas! We are heading out to get a tree and all that fun stuff in a while:)
is off to the gym again. I tried and can't think of a valid reason not to go, plus my legs aren't sore are at all from yesterday. I will will thank myself for this later:)
is happily watching Pixar short films on abc family while my DVR records *PROPNAME* on another channel:) Oh and I'm drinking my pumpkin spice coffee too! Life is good!
Happy Thanksgiving everybody! I'm thankful for friends to share Thanksgiving with:) Now time to make some yummy food to share later
is making spaghetti sauce. Yum!
has a cold and is curled up on the couch resting.
blue
Thanks for all the birthday wishes yesterday! I had a great day:)
can't believe it. I got the new Wii Fit Plus game, it has a lot of fun new games and features. However, after not using the wii fit for a few months we decided to do the fitness test stuff again. Me(since last time): +2.9 lbs, still a healthy weight and BMI, wii age 54. *PROPNAME*: -8.6lbs, reccommends a healthy weight of gaining 6lbs, wii age 32. On the positive side, I have lost 5 of the 8 lbs I gained over the holidays!
was annoyed with the state of LA for sending a notice that my car policy was cancelled on 11//20//2009 even though that is just my renewal date and they lost the info my insurance company sent...oh and it took them 2 months to do something about it. My grumpiness was fixed by talking to the rep at Progressive. She was friendly and talkative, like a less annoying version of the girl on the commercials. Thanks *PROPNAME*!
is taking *PROPNAME* to the vet for her annual check-up. I know it's good for her I just always feel a bit bad because she hates it so much :(
Dear Louisiana Office of Motor Vehicles employees, I understand that you probably get stuck dealing with stupid, annoying people on a regular basis.  That doesn't mean you have to be rude to everyone, especially not the friendly people like me darn it!
did an hour long workout and now I'm trying to convince myself to vacuum the house.
Funny: Every time I have to spell a word over the phone using 'as in' examples, I will undoubtedly draw a blank and sound like a complete idiot. Today I had to spell my boss's last name to an attorney and said "Yes that's G as in...(10 second lapse)..ummm...Goonies"
has recooped from working out and has caught a cleaning bug!
is making sweet potatoe split pea soup. I hope it's good!
can't believe the amount of mosquitos outside already. Boo!
why oh why do I let myself watch animal cops shows? I just end up feeling a mix of sadness for the animals and almost rage towards the people involved.
set my calorie goal for wii fit tonight as a piece of fried chicken....turns out it takes a lot of work to burn off a piece of fried chicken!
was enjoying my morning shower until one of those stupid Saints remixes came on the radio. I'm all for that kind of thing when I actually go to games, but I'm sick of hearing it in regular rotation on the radio.
A bit mean...but damn funny Sarchasm : The gulf between the author of  sarcastic wit and the person who doesn't get it.
is watching a movie:)
just finished playing wii fit plus and burned an ice cream cone worth of calories. Now it's ok for me to eat an ice cream right? Kidding:)
accidentally clicked the wrong button on a page. Sorry for sending that farmville thing to everyone!
The feminine version of the name *PROPNAME* meaning "the woman." Basically never printed on magnets, mugs or other souvenir paraphernalia. Often mistaken for *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* or *PROPNAME*. My name is *PROPNAME*, not *PROPNAME*, dammit. (Urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste the first entry)
is off to bed and hoping not to be woken up by things flapping and crashing from the crazy wind outside. On the up side it's going to be in the 60-70 range for the next week!:)
feels bad for my sick boyfriend. I know he feels really crappy 'cause he's sitting still and not playing videogames!
thinks it might be time for a nap:)
is off to work out. I don't want to but it's been 3 days:(
doesn't think the changes to facebook were really needed but honestly I'm more annoyed with all the complaints I've seen about it. You get it for free so if that means every once in a while you have to deal with a new layout well...deal with it!:)
starting to make some delicious snacks to enjoy while watching the Superbowl later
is home from the Lockport Mardi Gras parade and is ready for a nap!
really wishes that my old doctor's office would learn how to do math. I don't appreciate getting rather large bills for amounts that BSBC and I have already paid. Oh and thanks for putting it in the 120 day slot so I get to stress about further stupidity on your part resulting in a bad outcome for me.
wonders how sick Bon Jovi is of singing this song#SEPARATOR#likes the new Spartan football promo video! :) I'm exited for football season!
"no more than 5 pages" is my new favorite phrase! :)
one page left then editing! and 24 + hours till the paper is due! SCORE!!
is sad that Tetris is not working! :(
is in desperate need of a social life!!! :(
hates writing papers.
hmmm....I uninstalled 1 tiny program and now I can do internet, and symantec works?! oh well, maybe my computer is not dying after all! :)
is on Kiawah Island having an amazing vacation with her favorite person!!
2 papers done! now time for the very last edits and a read-through by mommy! :)
yay band camp! I can't wait for friday!!
is frustrated and displeased with the way that the next few weeks are shaping up. Mail.msu.edu doesn't make the situation any better. I'm sending a complaint!
thinks it would be nice to have a car! :P
is back in MI!!
is home in the OC!!
is WAY too excited for New Moon!
somehow has to BS 5 pages of scientific paper about a frustratingly inconclusive field project AND have sources to cite about it. FML
is le tired!
misses everyone in EL!! I can't wait for preseason!!! :)
thinks there should be more time in the day and that mail.msu.edu is stupidly slow!
is SO excited for Freshman Dress!!!!!!!
one more week of summer please!!!
yay clean laundry!!!! :)
is excited for GAMEDAY TOMORROW!!!!! GO STATE!!!!!
Toga Toga Toga!!
is 3 weeks in and already tired of reading!!!!
is mostly unpacked and moved in! :)
is home and not ready to be back in the real world yet! ://
GO STATE BEAT THE BADGERS!!!!!!!
LOVES the SMB!!!!!!!
is still waiting for mail.msu.edu, but is SO excited to move into her new apartment on Sunday!! :)
needs another weekend
back in EL! Call me!
thinks the best thing to ever happen to hot chocolate is *PROPNAME*'s special dark cocoa powder!!! :)
is moving to her new apartment in EL!!!
had a great weekend, but is not ready for classes tomorrow!! ://
finally has finished her paper! :) still needs to be edited, but at least it's done!! :D
can't wait for later tonight!
has a long day but a fun night ahead of her!
tired tired tired, but come on out to the Dance Party at Sparty Watch tonight!!! 8-midnight!!
needs to find someone to live with next year!!!
.......so apathetic........
is excited for a weekend on a lake with friends!! :)
needs to find a good place for a nap! :)
Midnight Madness and then a few hours of sleep before Spartan Football!!
GO STATE!!! BEAT THE WILDCATS!!!!!!
best way to relax after a crazy morning: blanket and Chopin
had a good weekend and is now tired!!!!
loves bid night!! :)
doesn't want to write her paper...
blah blah blah-blah blah blah blah
came out to campus to study, and forgot headphones!! how am I supposed to memorize music without headphones!!? :(
procrastination will get me in trouble one of these days.... :P
Spartan Spooktacular, 8pm kickoff against the gofers, and then Halloween!!!
bored bored bored.....not ready for thursday! I don't have 2 tunes memorized!!! :(
drunk MSU fans when I was biking home after the game: "oh, band fag coming through" I don't like to swear, but I had to bite my tongue to keep from either flicking them off or just simply saying "FUCK YOU!"
today I saw an old woman walking across the bridge by Sparty. She was wearing a bright aqua colored shirt. Right behind her was a college guy wearing a t-shirt of the exact same hue. It made me smile! :P
Just has to get to wednesday at 2:30 pm. then I'm home free!
was named very appropriately. *PROPNAME* means industrious//labor.
auto tune the news - the best way to waste time!!! :P
thinks conscientious is should be spelled more phonetically. Maybe like: conchienchous...:P
is confused by the two different kinds of news feed.....
Is not sure she wants to be done yet! GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!! I love my senior buddies! and I hope everyone's ready for a sob-fest!!!
would like to have more than 24 hours in a day!!
GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!!!
loves group projects! especially when I do 90% of the work! Awesome!..... NOT!!!
thinks she may have to walk to class in the morning.... but still LOVES SNOW!!!!!!
just found the perfect internship - free housing, food stipend, working in a zoo for 40 hours a week getting a first hand look at all the veterinary stuff that I hope to be doing in a few years!!!!! :) I hope I get in!!!
hates writing papers!!!!!!! I don't know how English majors do it!
Has had an AMAZING yet utterly unproductive weekend! :P
just realized how many projects//papers are due in the next 4 weeks! EEK!! :(
just doesn't feel like working... how about sleep!? :)
has a great night planned!! State of 5ths concert and then fun night with her favorite old roomie!! :)
one more final left and then I'm DONE!! :)
is DONE with writing her paper! now I just have to edit it and start studying for finals! ://
tengo un gato!? if you know anyone who lives in Berrytree and has a black cat that is missing, I have her!!!
1 1//2 pages done...this thing needs to be 10!!!! :(
Girl 1: Eeew! It's all blue and jiggly! Girl 2: I can't get it out! ~I heard this today in the *PROPNAME* cafeteria relating to.... jello! :P
hopes that this Evolution final goes as well as that tetris game did too! :P
kinda hopes that her finals go as well as that game of tetris just did! :P
is home in OC!!!!
I sent the kitty home! it was kinda fun to have a kitty cat for a day! :)
cookie dough + glee + packing to go home = a great afternoon!!!
Shindig at my house at 7!! call for directions! :D
wishes everyone a very Merry Christmas *PROPNAME*!
book-faced HACKED!!!! muahahahahaha
Can't wait to go to TEXAS!!!!! :D
doesn't want to study anymore!!
loves having her language preference as English (pirate)!!!!! arrrrggg matey!!
going to Chicago! :)
LOVES SNOW!!!!! :)
thinks her mondays, wednesdays, and fridays this semester are going to be awesome! :) Environmental physiology seems like a GREAT class!! :)
has some pretty mighty senioritis, and apathy right now... BUT I bought a class ring today!!!! :D
is back in EL, but not ready to start classes yet!! :(
Can't wait for today to be over! then I'll have an application mailed, and be off to Texas!! :)
now has pierced ears!! :) but I can't swim for 2 months!! :( sounds like I'm going to get to know the treadmill really well! :P
JUST GOT THE BEST INTERNSHIP EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D I'll be spending 5 weeks this summer shadowing and learning from zoo vets at the Seneca Zoo in Rochester, NY!!!!! :D
Dinner with *PROPNAME* and then I'm finally getting my ears pierced!!!! :D
GO STATE BEAT THE BOBCATS!!!!!
can't believe it. I wore my favorite bracelet and ring to 3rd degree today. Real Turquoise and silver, and come home, to realize that I lost the stone in the bracelet!!! :'( if anyone has seen it, PLEASE let me know!!!!
IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!! IN KENTUCKY!!!!!!! I guess it's about time for our biennial snowstorm! :D
thinks that if she doesn't find a faster way to get all her reading homework done this semester, she will go crazy!!!! ://
needs to FOCUS!!!!!
thinks she needs more spontaneity in her life! Last night was so much fun! going to UofM on a whim to see old friends! :D
was worried when she saw the new facebook layout page until she figured out how to get to Tetris! She is ridiculously addicted to that game! :P
thinks break.com is the best website ever! :)
is listening to mice play and chat in her ceiling! ://
GO STATE!!!!!!! WOOT!!!!!!!!! SECOND YEAR IN A ROW!!!!!!!! nothing could make this day better!!!!
is sleeping :)
now has unlimited texting!! Yessssss!!
IT'S SNOWING!!!!!! :D
thinks she was sleepwalking last night"...I don't remember wearing this when I went to bed..."
you know I've been busy when I haven't played tetris in 3 days! :P
is going to be reading textbooks for the rest of her life! :( only 1 chapter of neurobio left, then 2 chapters to catch up in Euk. Cell bio, and then 2-3 in Environmental Phys.... oh goodie... ://#SEPARATOR#AHHHHH!!!! The best surprise ever!
is soooooooooooooo sick :(
geneva....geneva... geneva - you should just pay for a  bus ticket back to nyc...
Yeay to Squamish!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!
Hoping it's not gonna rain today... or... in the next week... or... ever.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes and Madison Beach 6:30. Everything's casual.
Excited about *PROPNAME*'s awesome pics from yesterday
me thinks I'm healthy
oh life.
Driving down Mosel to Luxembourg! Then catching the early bird tomo to Baaar-the-looona yippee
7 days and counting...
In Barcelona - simply amazing
then second - can i make things worse than it already is?
Dr. Horrible Blog, reminds me of the themes in Wicked. sooo goood.
Vancouver... Wednesday night... yes?
is stoked about this weekend. Marble Canyons: here we come!#SEPARATOR#is chasing your steeeeaahlight
Getting fat nooooowwwwwwww!
Today's goal: wash and put away all the dishes and utensils in Casitas 8. Oh snap.
is listening to Chinese metal out of curiosity. It is interesting.
Sir, you know.
has got it goin on
A fear of loss, that's all it is...
just found a little piece of popcorn chicken in his fried fish balls. It was crunchy. MLIA
must stop impulsively visiting this site. Remembering when I was just on a few minutes ago might help.
is not making fun of you.
Sac airport finally got a new PA announcement.
is at Dad's place.
is someone...
is EV training. If you know what that is, yeah...shoot me.
Power and love and self-control
These Bots are taking over...
I'm Captain Basch fon Ronsenburg of Dalmasca!
Chocolate snow...some stay warm and others feel the cold.
has no more third molars.
has a new old game.
wants to be deaf so he'll have to use sign language so he'll have to communicate more directly.
Viridian, cerulean, saffron, fuchsia, and all that good stuff.
just got up.
Nothing to do in lab because the TAs messed up in turning yeast into spheroplasts on time. Too good to be true.#SEPARATOR#is hoping in vain for sunshine...
finds a good mix of farming, socializing, and killing monsters to be very therapeutic.
is sick?
is sick, but not badly.
believes that summer has indeed arrived.
is excited about mural painting!
has finally completely uploaded her Alaska pictures.
feels old after watching the sixth Harry Potter movie.
paints some more mural.
is back from Alaska!
is working on new profile pic as E-28.
is having fun at work.
is feeling odd.
never realized that there was Boston Fashion Week.
is looking forward to sunny Saturday in the park.
proves to be awesome at picking out paint colors.
needs to buy newer karaoke songs.
has joined the Harvard Ballroom Team!
was too busy watching Castle last night (fashion! murder! mayhem!) to upload pics.
clearly needs to transfer new pictures from her camera to her computer.
is sad to discover that 8+ hours of sleep is needed to keep this old(er) body going.
is leaving work for some down-time before dance(!!!).
Castle > shopping.
feels satisfied with where she is in life for the first B(ig)day in a long time.
is looking forward to Homecoming weekend.  :)
has the most amazing friends ever.
dislikes how utterly miserable the weather outside is.
realizes that she probably can't afford (staying alive-wise) to pig out on sweets around Harvard Square everytime she has dance practice.
does not like sickness.
is at Amherst!!!
sees that People's Republic of China turns 60 today, but finds Mom's birthday more important.
is super excited that Merlin season 2 has started!!!
brightens your day.
has a long but exciting work day.
wants more sunshine!
s doctor is sick...so all her preparations for pain is not needed for another two weeks.
is ready to kick some bacteria butt!
wants *PROPNAME*'s dresses from the CMA.
raked some leaves this weekend!
wants buffalo chicken chowder for lunch.  :*(
wishes it was as warm out as the sunny blue sky with wispy clouds seems to indicate.
is scared of the weather tomorrow.
sill isn't friends with her flue vaccine...
is sub-sub-optimal again.  :(
is using the excellent combination of juice and calories to tip the balance between sickness and health.
wants to know who (is in Boston and) wants to see Avenue Q!
This actually works!: The Facebook Trick: Press Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, enter key then right click. Then press up then down & magic circles will appear! Put this as your status IF IT WORKED FOR YOU!
needs to reset because the recent bout of failing Westerns clearly indicates there is a bug in the system.
is ready for Baltimore!  (Is Baltimore ready for Hua?  Maybe not...)
cannot speak due to throat pain.  This brings back memories of the first few days of school at Ramapo Middle.  Hopefully, this time there won't be racial slurs thrown around.
gets to visit the Baltimore Aquarium again!!!
invites you to feel the magic of the holidays by visiting the Harry Potter exhibit at Museum of Science Boston on Dec. 12 (Sat).
is looking for her face again (where is that camera cord?!).
now knows that flu vaccines are not friends.
can speak again!  (As long as you ignore the occasional bouts of severe coughing.)
needs to Wii Fit Plus more in order to stay in shape for dance (why yes, that does count).
won't have any wisdom teeth left in 24 hours.  :(
thanks the kind soul who turned in her wallet, and dislikes whoever took $100 out (holiday shopping now looks a lot less happy).
is feeling >70% and can stop letting work get delayed. (= happiness)
is looking for a wallet...Bed, Bath, & Beyond shoppers//employees...please be kind and save it from being ravaged until I can go back to your shop.  T_T
thanks *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* for the gorgeous additions (especially the personalized jacket that she's showing off at work today) to her closet and the giant hole in her wallet. <3
has landed in Boston and is back at work.  :D
wishes all a very very awesome new year full of laughter and joy.
is sad that she's shorter than the shortest semi-finalist on cycle 13 of ANTM (*PROPNAME*'s French accent is SCARY).
wishes that her experiments would WORK when she's in the lab, especially when she's staying past normal going home time. D:
must eat lots of sticky and crunchy food before Thursday morning!
is rehauling her facebook...warning...warning...information and photos may (dis)appear...
is going to eat ice cream cake before lunch.  :D
has 28 teeth left.  At this rate of loss (2//decade), she'll be toothless by age 160...not too bad.  :| <--currently cannot grin//smile
is singing Christmas songs (to all of you!).
is hungry.
is going to see if Chinese dance is in her future.
is already hard at work!
is rewatching the first half of Knock Knock Loving You (the only portion worth watching).
has sore muscles from dancing too hard this weekend.
wants a nap.
has finally made it to Part III of *PROPNAME*'s Immunobiology book.
now believes in the "bad things come in threes" proverb.
is super excited about the first day of dance practice!
is awed by how 30 minutes can triple her RAM.  <3
is keeping her lab notebook up-to-date.
hasn't yet watched this week's episode of Castle (and thus is failing at life!!!).
must work hard today so that she can go home before the super heavy snowfall starts.
plans to visit Orlando (Harry Potter! Sun!) during April's long weekend (go Patriot's Day!).#SEPARATOR#s first day of work was rough. Nice, but rough.
hates the person downstairs. I'm trying to work up here. I don't need you singing a vocalese while you're gargling at the sink. I mean really...
. iphone 3.0 release a DAY LATE? FU!
<3 *PROPNAME*'s ginger candy.
is mad that the fair ended up being more about mud than anything else.
is mad that the store was out of wonton rolls. DO NOT FRY SPRINGROLL WRAPPERS. It will not work.
Motorola S305!!!
s gf likes everything, apparently.
Set up a mobile router. Was way easier than I thought it would be.
is a bad person.
s world is rocked with the ht820.
is amazed out how more effective individual updates are at getting rid of his possessions than a single photo album. Only two more pieces of furniture to go!
finally remembers the meaning of summertime Friday nights.
had an awesome 4th.
I talked to a guy today who was convinced chemical engineering was "mixing elements to make things that use chemicals." Might make more sense if he didn't mean it literally. Oh well.
Who wants free stuff? The more I get rid of, the less I have to move. Dresser? Coat Rack? Shelves? Desk? Bathroom Stereo? Really people, you're doing me a favor by just taking it.
just set up network printing even though everyone said it was impossible. HA!
Who wants a FREE TV? Please just come and take it!!!
I'm still mad that I got into Jazz Band (the good one even) but I can't do it because of Thermo. THIS IS THE FIRST TEMR OF COLLEGE I WILL NOT GET TO PLAY MUSIC. GRAWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!
made eggrolls the right way.
Free Shelves!!!!!
<3s feeding time at the aquarium.
is sick of removing quiz results from his news feed. Please friends, just share the ones you reeeeaaaaaaaly like.
I know Grad School is having an effect on me when I read my vending machine selection as "C-naught". Mmm Ritz bits.
just got drunk with the Germans in his suite. Maybe there's something to grad dorms after all.
has tea!!!!!
Westbound on the Mass Pike you see signs for Springfield and Albany
Next term I'll have a lab and get to do SCIENCE every day. Until then I have a cube and get to do HOMEWORK every day.
No, I'm sorry
sure hopes Venture Bros. goes into season 5.
If you split a raw almond in your mouth, the halves are completely smooth on the inside. Why does this never lose its novelty?
thought everyone might like to know he was voted biggest nerd out of all the ChEs...
Damn feeder valve keeps clogging.
LHC: 2 beams WOOOOOO!
Whaaaat? I actually liked Avatar?
I find it frustrating when non friends post pictures of friends
It'll take a lot of convincing before I'll even THINK about watching Caprica. Reimagined Battlestar can KMA. I might change my mind if the writters demonstrate they're capable of keeping the plot details straight through the whole series. Thoughts anyone?
I highly reccommend *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME* rules.
Woot. One craigslist adventure down
wonders why more people don't say "twenty ten"
Damn boxcutter.
got into Jazz Band. Rehearsal is at 2:30. Have to bus home to get my horn. So much for getting work done today.
is high on swing dance. 'cept it's really late now...
Why is it impossible to sit in the tub with the shower on and not feel emo?
Wow, campus eye doctor is really fast. Go UMass!
broke a $900 piece of equipment today. *sigh* live and learn.
Woo. New glasses will be ready next week!
Just went skateboarding for the first time in my life. It'll be a few days practice before I can make it through campus.
just realized it's a lot easier to breathe when you don't live in the grass-seed capital of the world.
: saved by Wolfram Alpha.#SEPARATOR#is glad *PROPNAME* has taken responsibility for what happened.  Don't worry, *PROPNAME*, I'm not mad at you!
misses Ithacan winters.  Hot weather sucks.  Chicago better be a freezer.
just played Quidditch.  It was awesome.
Holy Crap!  *PROPNAME*'s has a rewards program that lets you get a free chocolate from the store every month!  How awesome is that?
starts his job tomorrow.  Goodbye Freetimesville, hello Moneytown Station!
can't help but smile.
is liking the new job so far.  Of course, the kids have yet to arrive...
is my name and I'm here to say, I have the symptoms of an awesome day!
is going to miss you.
had a dream come true!  Last night I dreamt about eating a cinnamon bun, and today I ate a cinnamon bun!
knows that if we tie our houses together, the world will revolve around us!
is about to lead an activity on Dating Etiquette...wish me luck.
is sad the weekend is here...  Can't wait for Sunday, 7pm.
is going to nuke the site from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure.
is out getting the paper...before the monsters do, am I right?
thinks he'll start a Prussia-style diary, and this status update will remind him of his choice until he finally acts upon it.
is currently preptastic.
Hey my Rhode Island friends.  What rocks to do in Providence and what's the best Italian place in the city?
is sick of starting letters with "dear."  My friends are more than dear, I'm using different adjectives from now on.  "Anti-Establishment *PROPNAME*, how are you?  Signed, *PROPNAME*."  Screw you, convention!
is done!  Hooray!
wants to be asleep and isn't.  Damn you, not-terrible work ethic!
is going to a research reactor tomorrow, yay!
is thinking tonight of his old college town...
is all set for tomorrow!
is impressed that the ads on the side of FB are getting relevant without being offensively so...finally.  I've got an ad for a book I like, a band I like, and a movie by an animator I like.  Yay!
grew bolder day by day.
wants a cottage cheese and pastrami sandwich on banana bread, even if it severely ruins your reputation!
wishes everyone a happy first day of classes yayyyyyyy!
had a great day off...
is a doctor, not a writer of witty status updates, damnit!
doesn't want to say goodbye next week.  : (
finds fiction much more interesting when you imagine the same actors and voice actors to be the same people instead of different characters.  Holy crap, *PROPNAME*'s father is Liquid Snake!  Hey look, Obi-Wan Kenobi is helping Don Quixote liberate the Arabs in WWI!
wishes all of his Cornellian friends good luck tomorrow!  Enjoy it, it's a wonderful place.
wants to see a version of that *PROPNAME* story "Gift of the Magi" where one of the people receives a Bible, only to inform their friend that they sold their soul to Satan to buy them their gift.
knows he wants to be Canadian, please.
had a pretty good day: kayaking, bughouse dodgeball, four-square, and lap tag.  Plus good conversation...
can't help but smile.
is looking forward to his new college town.
is one iteration closer to his desired solution!
finally has apartment pictures up.
is in Chicago, yay!  He still misses *PROPNAME*, though...
started a Prussia-style diary.  Huh...that didn't take long at all.  http:////todayiwassoawesome.wordpress.com//
actually danced at a dance.  It was fun.
loved *PROPNAME*!
didn't know the chemicals in jalapeno peppers could make your bare skin feel kinda burny.  Huh.
is off Monday, August 3.  Anyone want to do something then?
wants a fat little shetland pony who will complete missions for me...
has to start planning his thesis...
had a MUCH better first day of classes than he expected.
wishes he were in Ithaca.  : (
is getting better at resisting the urge to Ragequit.
is in love with a girl named *PROPNAME*...  Damn that stuff is delicious.
wishes he and his friends could burst into random song and dance like in musicals...
looks a lot more like a young Lenin with his ushanka than he ever realized.
recently realized there's a large whole in his theoretical structure of life.  It may be a few interations before he has a working solution.
is one iteration closer to his desired solution.
wonders whether anyone's ever done an etymological history of onomatopoeia.  Why did "oink" become so popular when most pigs I've seen go "reeee"?  Why did "fap" become so popular?  Is it accuracy or something else?  A most interesting question...  Any linguistics majors in need of a paper topic?
never gives up, never surrenders!
is feeling rather Odinesque today...in a Ragnarok sorta way.
is enjoying Chicago immensely.  If only time were passing a little more slowly.
wants to thank the Tabasco company for listing the Scoville Heat Units of its products, and thinks all spicy food makers should follow suit.
wishes he were in Ithaca.  They get snow...
just hit a wall of work.
thinks he's going to make truffles tomorrow...FOR SCIENCE!
has finally started orientation!  Seems pretty good so far.
has finally ended orientation!  That was fast...  Perspectives in Social Science, Historical Methods, and Early Modern England will be my classes this quarter, it seems.
gave up on being a productive member of society when he left engineering, OK Social Sciences?  Just let me write about cool people.  I don't want to think about how my topic benefits anyone.
loves Holst oh so much.
PONY!
feels like a koala crapped a rainbow in his brain!
gazed upon the face of the Savior of the Monkeys and wept from the beauty of the sight.
is done with the MAPSS midterm and much happier because of it.
thinks he'll apply to Pigfarts for next year.
leaves for Chicago tomorrow.  Can't wait!  Now if only the magical packing fairy would visit me...
associates Russian classical composers with Christmas, for some reason.  Not just the Nutcracker stuff, either.  It's a bit odd...  Especially since everyone knows Santa lives in Finland, not Russia.
just found out Megas XLR is on iTunes!  Life just got a little bit more awesome.
is ready to begin his day fueled with the power of french toast!  Readings: prepare to be read...
has too many unknowns to solve his equations, but he'll never stop trying.
digs giant robots.
Dear everyone: crack open a dictionary and start using "hypothesis" and "theory" correctly from now on.  It's not that hard, and misusing the word confuses stupid people to whom I then need to listen, which makes me sad.  : (
lernas Esperanton!
has chourico!  The tastiest, most delicious meat known to mankind!  And I'm going to eat the crap out of it!
amas lerni novaj lingvoj!
is thankful for all his wonderful friends!  Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!  I wish I could spend it with every one of you.
Alright Holst, listen up.  I'm going to see your music tomorrow and I don't want anything supernatural to prevent it, got it?  I'm sick of your crap.
danced again last night.  This is starting to become a pattern...
remembers a time when he was able to easily find classes because the school actually had its shit together and managed to have a central location with all the course descriptions.
Good morning!  And in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!
reads from his past and mourns the future.
"I love her better than anybody here, and see her seldomer.  So it often happens in the world."-*PROPNAME*
has finished his skeleton drafts, hooray!  Suck it, essays!
HAL is alive once again!  Just in time for 2010, conveniently enough.  Not sure if I'm gonna keep him, cuz he's now missing MS Word, but eh, he has internet.
s ganache is delicious.
Dear Online Dictionary Makers, Let people search the text of the entries, not just the entry words.  Make your dictionaries more like a human brain.  Let me search "make things the same" and find words that include those words in their definitions.  That would rock. Love, *PROPNAME*
I have enemies?  I thought these things always just happened...
feels weird being in the library during Finals Week as a patron...
Holy crap this is hilarious: http:////www.standforchristmas.com//pages//home Just read these reviews.  What bigoted morons think like this?  Read the "Offensive" ones.  They're the best.
is starting to wonder whether his eyes reflect light in the near-infrared spectrum or something that's just out of sight for humans but visible to cameras, cuz man, if I only had photos to go by I would swear my eyes are red.
And now all I have to do is pack!  Hooray!  One quarter down, two to go!
is filling his diaries with references to dinosaurs and Bigfoot.  This way, when the world ends and future historians have only my diary for primary sources, they'll think that at least the world was awesome before it ended.  If you care about tricking the future into believing our era was the awesomest ever, I encourage you to do the same.  Together, we can do it!
I'm home, wheee!
One paper submitted, two to go.
RIP HAL 9000...  I think your successor will be named Metal Gear.
has the most melodramatic sister in the world...
just got his mind blown.  Apparently *PROPNAME* from Salute Your Shorts, the rich girl, was played by a Chinese-American actress.  I totally never noticed that.  Ever.  Thank you, www.tvtropes.org for once again, showing that I have a terrible memory.
is beginning to miss Chicago and his friends there...
dreads his mortality as he walks the empty aisles of a library, admiring the volumes, yet knowing his life will never last long enough for him to enjoy them all.
Let's see how honest MY FB friends are. Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me. It can only be one word. No more than one word. Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you. This should be interesting...
wants to get out of Hyde Park.
wants to be the very best!  Like no one ever was!
A bit of Christmas cuteness: http:////www.watchanimeon.com//axis-powers-hetalia-ii-episode-28//
should just become a chef.
wonders whether love can bloom, even on a battlefield.
Merry Christmas, everyone!
Well crap.  My computer's software is currently corrupted or something and won't work.  Right before my two Hell Weeks begin.  Wheeee...  Anyone in Chicago have a copy of their Windows XP Professional edition CD I can borrow to reinstall stuff?
Is back in Chicago!
s New Year's Resolution is to negate everyone else's resolutions.
27F, feels like 14F....Ah!  It's like being in Ithaca again!  It feels wonderful!  And yes, *PROPNAME*, I am crazy.
Just did the research and writing for his 12 page term paper in 48 hours.  Revision time!
All three of my sidebar ads are currently about meeting girls.  I think Facebook pities me...  :(
returns to Chicago tomorrow!  Yay!
First day of classes for a new quarter!  I hope no suddenly loud girls give me coronary thrombosis like last quarter...
has the same Spring Break as *PROPNAME*!  If any Cornellians want a super awesome place to visit during their Spring Break, keep Chicago in mind...
has a few excellent weekends coming up.  Rock on!
Happy 150th Birthday, Mr Zamenhof!  Thanks for the language!
The Portuguese pronounce X like SH?  Damnit, is it THEIR fault Romanized Chinese does the same?  I always wondered who to blame for that.
wonders whether Professor *PROPNAME* would let him write a term paper on fanfictions using theories from the readings...
Welche bluse magst du lieber, diese oder diese?
Holy mother microfilm is a bitch on the eyes.  Dear 1890, learn to write normal Ms and Ns.  Yours look like Ws and Us.
Come on Massachusetts!  You guys are supposed to be New English!  What happened?
Anyone wanna see The Fly on Wednesday?  It'll be awesome...
just had a great day.
Geez 18th Century Britons, if you love *PROPNAME* the Great so much, why don't you just marry him?
Holy crap!  Hiero II of Syracuse was a former general of Pyrrhus of Epirus!  I never knew that!  Hiero has the official title of Awesomest Friendhaver in the Ancient World now, so far as I'm concerned.  Pyrrhus and Archimedes, at least!  Go Hiero!  You're MY hero!
Can't wait for next weekend, even if he is getting evaluated!
You can ask me one question (Send it to my inbox). Any question- anything. No matter how awkward it can be I'll answer it honestly, no catch. But, I dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you.  (I can't resist dares...)
Off to the art museum!  Sorry Proposal, I'll work on you later...probably...
Whutta whutta whutta whutta...
wishes a Happy Valentine's Day to all those for whom he cares!  I hope all my friends know how much they mean to me!
Is looking forward to the weekend.
Is off to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!  And I got an awesome gift in the mail today!  And I learned how to construct a book wheel.  Today is just, like, mega-awesome!#SEPARATOR#I guess this is our last goodbye | And you don't care, so I wont cry | But you'll be sorry when I'm dead | And all this guilt will be on your head | I guess you'd call it suicide | But I'm too full to swallow my pride.
R.I.P MJ
<3 Sumir.
RIP *PROPNAME*...
Walked out this morning, dont believe what I saw | A Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore | Seems Im not alone at being alone | A Hundred billion castaways, looking for a home...
You always knew just how to make me cry | And never did I ask you questions why | It seems you get your kicks from hurting me | Don't try to understand me | Because your words just aren't enough | Love is a feeling | Give it when I want it | Quench my des
Tokyo.
went out for dinner with a man who just happened to be a host.  True story.
Hey all!  My American Phone is officially off!  Don't call or text it anymore, k?
And we can live in a beautiful world hide away under peaceful skies. We can survive on time and a word feel the nights passing by.
I've finally gotten around to uploading all of my Japan pictures so far.  I know there are an unbelievable amount of them (forgive me, I love taking pics), but enjoy them!
ALLIANCE, n. In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other’s pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.
missed teaching at the elementary school Thursday...  -sad-
wants to fall in love~
Woke up late and didn't get to eat breakfast today -sad- I'm so hungry...
I want someone to buy me dinner.
"The greatest happiness is to scatter your enemy, to drive him before you, to see his cities reduced to ashes, to see those who love him shrouded in tears, and to gather into your bosom his wives and daughters."
I always make it a rule to let the other fellow fire first.  If a man wants to fight, I argue the question with him and try to show him how foolish it would be.  If he can't be dissuaded, why then the fun begins but I always let him have first crack.  Then when I fire, you see, I have the verdict of self-defence on my side.  I know that he is pretty certain in his hurry, to miss.  I never do.
I want to be loved, but you don't seem to love me | I'm wandering aimlessly within this repetition | And the answer I found is only one
So bored.
“?????” ???????? ???????? You and I ???? ??????? ????? ???????????? ???????? “I want to see you” right now! Even though I want to shout it. I no longer can say “you and I” Even if I try to force it. I can’t catch you Back then you used to be in my armsBut you’re gone now.
is missing you.
"In the absence of orders, find something and kill it."   -*PROPNAME*
"I have a ship and a fighting crew and a girl with lips like wine, and that's all I ever asked.  Lick your wounds, bullies, and break out a cask of ale.  You're going to work ship as she never was worked before.  Dance and sing while you buckle to it, damn you! To the devil with empty seas! We're bound for waters where the seaports are fat, and the merchant ships are crammed with plunder!"
Lupin, like Mr. Huttle, has original and sometimes wonderful ideas
Like fire, Hellfire,  This fire in my skin.        This burning, desire,         Is turning me to sin.  | It's not my fault
La~st Christmas, I gave you my heart.  The very next day, you gave it away... This year, to save me from tears, I'll give it to someone special.
I hope the survivors in Haiti receive aid quickly...
I will be in Tokyo on the 10th!  Anyone want to entertain//be entertained by me while I'm there?
I like Asahi Super Dry... very much.
Your face.
Slowly walking down the hall, Faster than a cannonball~  Where were you while we were getting high? Someday you will find me, Caught beneath the landslide, In a champagne supernova in the sky~~~
Will be in Tokyo all of Wednesday morning~ Does anyone want to hang out?#SEPARATOR#is all about NYC tomorrow :-)
is getting ready to wrap up her first week in NYC.
cannot wait for Friday! :-)
has one week left?!
is heading cross country!!
can't wait for Ithaca tomorrow :-)
NYC to incommunicado in 24 hours? Can't wait :-)
is off to her first day of school!
so there's a Guam quarter?
BEST DISCOVERY: There is a Wegman's 10 minutes from my house!!
what's up PA inspection standards?
Longest day ever--but so great to see so many HC people!
is venturing off into the world of high school football. Go Lions?
is making apple-carrot muffins like no one's business.
2 months!!
is heading to Princeton to watch the little bro row in his first race! Go Big Red!
made the most kickass shrimp penne arribiata-like dish! Now, off to watch the game!
is back in DE for the Dover race tomorrow!
is tea at lunch and pumpkin bread muffins after school.
wants it to be 1 month and 2 weeks from now.
is Delaware-bound in just a few hours!
is H1N1 :-(
just booked her tickets to Germany for Winter Break (!!) and is heading to Ithaca tomorrow for Homecoming! Life is good :-)
3 weeks :-)
Last day of school until the New Year!! (3 days!)
just needs to make it through Thursday.
RIP Raccoon in my driveway this morning :-(
is really missing 130 Linden right now.
SNOW!!
Back States' Side :-( What a wonderful trip :-)
will be in NYC by this time tomorrow!
Nine tagen :-)
Potsdam :-)
PHL --> TXL (!!)
Black!  P.S. DC tomorrow!
loves being back in the Mid Atlantic and in high school where 2 hour delays for 3 inches of snow are possible!
vegetarian chili and beans for the little ones
is checking out what Habitat for Humanity is all about!
Snow in Germany!
just made some kickass veggie lasagna!
SNOW DAY!!
s house smells like hickory and fall!
"I gave her my heart and she gave me a picture of me as an old time sheriff."
Fabulous weekend :-)#SEPARATOR#stuck at home doing the same old boring thing...again.
im drawing the picture i promised jonna. its turning out nicely =]] i hope she likes it
someones going to get it soo bad later, UGH!!
took my placement test today! i ddi better than i expected.
looking forward to vbs next month!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
rcc orientation tomorrow morning. =]]
rockin it grandma style with the new car....yo! haha
sad that vbs is over for the year..cant wait til next year!
saw mamma mia for the first time today. i like it =]]
excited for my mom to get home tomorrow!! =]]
misael's teahing me a little self defense. hahaha
one more day of vbs =[
....black hair now =]]
trying to pass time with maddie so she can register
this week is gonna be sooo much funn =]]
disneyland tomorrow =]] going with maddie going to be awesome!!
feels soooo much better now =]]
i really cant wait til next week: vbs AND living at maddies =]]  hahahahaha
going to the movies =]]
hates being in the house. nowhere to go...ugh
good day today. =]]
saw my old friend *PROPNAME* today, lots of catchin' up to do...=]]
goin' to watch the band perform their first performance today. haha =]]
happy for maddie =]]
kylees dying my hair =]]
super tired. i have class at 7 and wont be home til around 6. =[[
ahhhh i hate the cold. ugh
if youre going to rcc log on to webadvisor and make sure you didnt get dropped from any of your classes. over 3,000 students got dropped from not paying.
discovered that my life goal is to be a surgeon. =]]
needs to get hair recolored. ahhhhhhhhhhhh
has physics test on monday and a history mid-term on wednesday, funn stuff.....not!
exhausted, but not ready for bed...blahhhhhh
im home finally!!! yayyyy! i hope i did ok on my test.
good morning starshine, the earth says hello.....=p
exhausted. im ready to sleep.
surrogates is a really good movie. =]]
loong day tomorrow. not looking forward to it. hopefully i did ok on my mid term for history. =p
found out that i have 14+ years more schooling if i want to follow through with the orthopedic surgeon thing. . .
loong lazy day. i've had too many of these. oh well, hopefully tomorrow will be better.
ugh. dont feel good again.....ugh
made fresh chocolate chip cookies...yummmmyyy
today feels like forever!!!
got my transformers shirt. its cuute =]]
wants the new Tokio Hotel c.d. =]]
got my trnasformers shirt. its cuute =]]
*PROPNAME* always takes too long to get here in the morning. blahhhhhhhhhhh
is a happy camper because i got the tokio hotel c.d. =]]
doing good with soc. final so far =]]
i hate it when my mom leaves...=[[
mom's coming home tonight. =]]
finally home from a loong day at school.
disappointed in someone who i thought i would never really be disappointed in.
olive garden tonight =]]
had funn at 6 flags! =]]
so exhausted today, i don't want it to rain. blehhhh
2 pages down on my paper 3 to go!
gotta love writers block...ugh
I don't want to go to class today carrying a stupid tri-fold board with me in the wind. ehhhhh...oh well. i have to.
done with my paper finally =]]
if you know someone who has or had cancer! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE! ? Put this on your status
so far...i have an A in Sociology =]]
i had an awesome idea for my paper last night in my sleep =]]
I love the smell of Christmas trees. =]]
Thank God I don't have to see *PROPNAME* ever again!
had a lot of funn with the sister =]]
created my plan A schedule of classes =]]
taking a break from my looong paper
relaxing and listening to music. funn stuff
ugh, starting my soc paper all over....this is going  to be a busy day...ugh
i feel worse than i did yesterday. thank God there's no class today.
just waiting...
why do some peoples parents take everything out on their kids. it's so stupid and ugghh!!
waiting for my new phone to come in this week. =]] sooo excited
bored....what to do for like 20 minutes...
my new phone comes today =]] and i scored a C on my first quiz. yayy =]]
Merry Christmas everyone!
i dont wanna go to school. ahhhhhhh
making a class schedule when everything closes fast is hard work. blahhhh
has a very good feeling about where things are going. =]]
I love my Mom! If you aren't too proud to say thank you to your Mom for helping you be the great person you are today.. please copy and paste to your profile! I expect to see this many times on my page! 
up way too early. agh
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae. Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe. If you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal. Olny 55% of plepoe can
the weather needs to not be like this...boooo
finished my final. no more developmental psychology =]]
Disneyland with *PROPNAME* today =]]#SEPARATOR#summer goes so fast!!!
in the cities
excited for MOA day trip
doesnt wanna go back to work after vacation :(
dentist today...yay...
work work work
last cabin trip of the summer. sad :(
busy...always
goin up north
I LOVE SNOW!!!
i got rear-ended b4 i rear-ended someone...surprising.
excited for boundary waters trip
back from the cities
watching I Love Lucy
to the cities :)
doesnt wanna go back...
leading day camp
tired
only 3 weeks?! what happened???!!!
math...
stuffy nose. grr...
sooooooo much stuff to do this week.
is trying to do her chem lab but keeps getting distracted by this
doesn't like mondays.
only kinda sick-ish. yay!
*cough, cough* must get more cough drops! *cough*
trying to decide on some colleges to visit.
Hope i dont have too much h//w to make up tomorrow...that is if i can go back tomorrow. grrrrrr. i hate being sick!
tired and sick...sick and tired. gr
tired...just like usual
not sick!!! yay!
homework...:(
Homecoming!!!!
if a cat always lands on its feet, and toast always lands buttered side down, what happens if you strap a piece of toast to a cats back and drop it?
minnesingers last night. bored today...
picking up leaves...i love fall
we need more long weekends.
nervous
Christmas!!!
Up North this weekend. So excited!!! :D
skiing in -2 degree weather...what better way to celebrate the new year?
almost halfway there!
ah...end of the semester & a rly long week. these are the best fridays
must read Asher Lev...grrrr....
ugh...monday
doesn't wanna go to school tomorrow.
ugh...mondays
hmmm...what is on my mind? idrk...i think i mighta left it @ atwood last night...either that or its just ignoring me today.
confused...i should really stop trying to think on Thursdays...
"Everything in this room is eatable. Even I'm eatable. But that is called cannibalism, my dear children, and is, in fact, frowned upon in most societies."
Dear *PROPNAME* tonight! good thinking *PROPNAME* !
SATURDAY!!! :D
does it actually feel like we got out early to anyone?#SEPARATOR#PHYSICS= BAD.  My Favorite Equation.
I have the best adhi in the whole world...and I HATE physics...
"Hey don't smoke that Tijuana it'll make you crazy," my grandma... hehehhe :)
Happy Friendship Day!!! :)
I want two BUNNIES...THEY ARE SOOOOOO CUTE:)
Graduation Pictures Are STUPID Expensive...So just buy 1 of the smallest pictures and then copy them later...IT IS WAY CHEAPER.....
I have the best adhi in the whole world :)
Dashain ko Subhakaamana sabaai laai!!!Happy Dashain!!!
I wanna get two bunnies....They are sooo cute....
Happy Dashain! Dashain ko Subhakamana Sabaai laai! :)
Hamro Bai haru laai... bhai tikako dherai dherai subhakaamana....:)
H1N1= :| ...  :{  ...  :(  ...  :@...  oink oink *PROPNAME*, "So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."
HAPPY TIHAR!!!!
“The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot."~ *PROPNAME*
"So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."- jay leno
GO BEARS!!! VERY VERY PROUD TO BE BERKELEY ALUMNI!!! Go BEARS!!... Oh Stanford...you're just never good enough... :(
GO Bears! Very Proud to BE BERKELEY ALUMNI! GO BEARS!
Go Bears!!!
Best Weekend...Eating with family and movie nites with the little cousin... :) :) :)
Proud of the success of her BSP family members!...Congrats to everyone who got into Med School, Dental School, and Grad School!...Best of Luck!
Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?~ *PROPNAME*
So UC Tuition Fees are increasing by 30% and the salary of the UC Regents has been increasing since our fee hikes....SO THAT's where all of our tuition money is going...
"Happy Non-Denominational Happy Winter..."  Just kidding... Happy Holidays Everyone...
Red+Purple= Fuschia? :)
AMERICAN AIRLINES is taking doctors and nurses to Haiti for free. Please call 212-697-9767. Spread the word. if you are looking for ways to be of any help... UPS IS SHIPPING TO HAITI FOR FREE TOMORROW!! IT HAS TO BE UNDER 50 lbs!! If you have ANYTHING to give, round up your stuff and... send it out!! PLEASE repost this... to spread the word PLEASE repost!!!!
I'm sooo lucky to have such good friends and family! Thanks for all the sweet bday messages! Lots of love to you all!
"OMG...The new SIMS is soooo cool...You can even make friends and stuff..."- my very lonely friend...
*PROPNAME*'s sons' new car-$360,000  *PROPNAME*'s new ring- $800,000 The Average cost of a 16yrs bday party in West LA- $275,000 (Quotes from NPR) PEOPLE GET IN TOUCH WITH REALITY AND SHARE!!!
DON'T TAKE UGLY BETTY off the air!!! There are plenty of stupid shows on the air ...this is one of the FEW SHOWS that's actually EMPOWERING TO WOMEN and SPEAKS TO REAL PEOPLE!
Happy Lunar Year! I hope it is filled with good health and happiness...and lots of red envelopes! :)#SEPARATOR#I'm ecstatic!
Missing great diving with my dive group.  *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*...I need to get away!!!!
*PROPNAME* is enjoying *PROPNAME*'s 6th Birthday!!! Happy Birthday Miss *PROPNAME*!!!
I'm sad that I'm not getting on a plane tomorrow with my divegroup to scuba in Bonaire.  Instead, I get to work, work, work!  Have fun all!
Happy....no thrilled....that I've finished both Halloween costumes....with 12 hours to spare!  Pictures tomorrow.  Happy Halloween everyone!
What a day!  I repelled down Vasquez rocks in the afternoon and by evening was carving pumpkins underwater with my dive group at the SCV aquatic center.  Throw in making two halloween costumes and it was quite the Saturday!  Pictures to follow soon!
A proud day today. *PROPNAME* asked me if I'd take her "Black Friday" shopping!  She is even willing to get up at a ridiculous hour to do it!  My days of wondering if I'm a good mom are over!
It's 2am.....why am I not sleeping?????
Another "Nutcracker Weekend" is over.  *PROPNAME* danced in "Act II Opener" and "Chinese" - and did fantastic!  *PROPNAME*'s last year of being in the audience as she plans to be a "Snow Tree" next year, now that she is old enough.  I don't know how the Studio keeps coming up with fresh, new,and fun ideas, but they do.  Congrats to all the girls!
"Mom.....Licorice is in the Christmas tree!!!!"  'Tis the sound of my season this year....guess it's part of the turf with a new kitten!
Trying to get back on the "eating healthy" wagon after the past few days of pure gluttony!
Orange and pink zebra
Oh dear.  Evidently Santa is in Nome, Alaska.....already well past Los Angeles.  Now that we are FINALLY done wrapping, do you think  he will double back and visit our house? Merry Christmas Everyone!!!
Outdid myself this year. Mini beef wellingtons with gorgonzola cheese. Homemade mac and cheese. Liguini and prosciutto frittata (with endless cheese!). Cauliflower au gratin.  The only thing without cheese are the green beans and dessert....homemade chocolate chip cookies and a yule log. Oh.....and the endless martinis that I plan to have to celebrate making it successfully through another Christmas!
Need to stop making brownies as a way to avoid working!  Some days I hate my boss....oh wait....she is me!
Mammo, ultrasound and biopsy, oh my!  To quote *PROPNAME*....."Man, I feel like a woman"....except I'm not thinking that is what she meant.#SEPARATOR#Happy Summer Solstice to all!
"The creature took the form of a lovely maiden with the idea of bewitching us with her many charms, in the hope that she might get our fish."
has sacked the hallowed heights of Ilion.
Tentatively has a new// old job.
The Iliad: 59 pages in, and I finally finished the translator's introduction to the work. Progress!
Goodbye *PROPNAME*. :(
"Today you courted beauty and a thousand fishes rained at your feet. How do you feel?"
Homeric epic number two!
//machetemachetemachete
wants 1000 points so she can win a real tank. Damn, that's a good movie.
"There's so much that I have to learn, I hope it won't be hard, and I hope it will be snowing on the day they make me tzar!"
wants to be an emergentist!
was digging in the dirt today, and earned her supper.
In conclusion, both of my roommates check facebook more frequently than I.
got some blisters in the garden today.
Aah, the novelty of clipping coupons.
danced on the grass while musicians on the roof serenaded the night.
has no name and is part of the kollective.
Hello, world!
was surprised and pleased to meet *PROPNAME*'s freshman roommate in the bookstore.
Hooray for Friday!
Huh, chestnuts look eerily like brains...
was disturbed to come to the realization that the Dao is the Game. Life is cruel.
Thank you for the kind sentiments, all!
"Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits."
did not expect to end up on a campus tour. Huh.
seems to have acquired a mad swank bike.
off for the weekend!
can't decide if she's using laundry to avoid doing homework or homework to avoid doing laundry.
Welcome to Portland!
Happy Fall Equinox!
unfortunately, folk songs in the autumn grass will always trump paper writing. Back to work for me!
is climbing a tree in search of a fish.
striding forth, undaunted, unafraid, toward the uttermost frontier of thought where wisdom lures me on. O pioneer!
had not realized the degree to which packing boxes is like putting together a puzzle in 3-D. Now it's much more fun!
owned her bio test, now off to read *PROPNAME* in a tree somewhere.
has been wild a-rumpusing! Happy fall break to all.
playing guitar and howling at the moon.
"You coud tell by our soft feet that we were strangers in the land."
"May we suggest giving away what you don't use or need to someone who will worship it by utilizing its potential? If there are things you need, ask your friends first before you add your dollars to the bonfire of consumerism." -- Best.Cookbook.Ever.
Thinking about digging out the firepit for a post New Year's bonfire. Will folks be around// interested in putting together some sort of shindig?
+4 modifier to cuddle puddle optimization. Yay!
is having trouble making sense of her coursework: "Three feet of new powder on a stable base has made the tree skiing orgasmic." Er....
"Soy Nog." Lolwut.
40° weather the day I leave for Oregon? Maine, you are a fickle mistress.
got lost and bought a plant!
dear gods, respiratory arrest.
learning all about self-liberation. Hooray!#SEPARATOR#I like this work, play and no class thing...summer should happen more often
<3 baking cookies
Ready for an awesome summer at Stanford!!
I'm MeLTING
why does it feel like it should be the weekend by nowwww
migraine = :(
must write essays!
<3's picnics
<//3 new dentist
<3's Hawaii
<3's pedicures
back to workkk
one more week to catch up on life...then VACATION
<3's dancing
home in the heights!
breath of relief!!!!
<3's catching up with friends
<//3 softball :(
PROJECT RUNWAY!!
needs to focussss
senoritis go away please! oh and take my flu with you.
I'M GOING TO BE A DOCTOR!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
no more shopping!!!
Home for Thanksgiving! <3
is locked out of her room, with no roomates or RAs in sight :(
in SD :D
DONE DONE DONE!!!! :D
stuck in SD airport for.....ever?
Best Birthday Ever! 3 Surprise dinner//get-together//party, and VEGAS on Halloween <3 Thanks to everyone that made my 21st special!
<3 rain when I'm not driving in it!
sleep? who needs it
off to christmas in vegas with family <3
Heading back to LA :)
Happy New Year and Decade Everyone!!!!
a day of snowboarding = most exercise I've had all of break
aghhh almost christmas :DD
THREE DAYS TO CHRISTMAS!!!!!! <3 <3
Happy Hour w// the drawmates :D#SEPARATOR#is shocked at her grades, not as bad as I thought!
is sooo sick of douche bags! kick rocks bitches!!!!!
3 days clesased! woo!
is sooooo stressed out! argh...where is katie????
is getting ready to get crunk and party like its 1999! holla at a playa! LOL
not to be a bitch but...if i hear about one more celeb dying from drug overdose i'm going to fing lose it...get it together and act like adults...ridic
suggests everyone see harry potter and bruno! both great movies!!!
is not for the narrow minded!
keep hatin bitches...i'm just getting started! weeeee
s toenails look neon in the sun, but grungie in the shade...don't get yellow! LOL
is sooooo excited to see Mu Sochua speak today!!!
wants to do something fun!!! any ideas??
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts, deedle-e-dee!
skipped the gym today, but is willing to make up for it by dancing!! going to mix! WOO
we've all done things that we are ashamed of...if anyone saw kanye on leno tonight well...he's not sooooo bad. :-)
Come on Cowboys!!!!!
is waiting for the progressive man wishing she were at the gym! :-(
wishing away my weekend so I can watch Monday night football!
COWBOYS WIN!!!
What the french is this tsunami business about!?!?
just realized I'm missing lovefest! wtf! :-(
*PROPNAME*: So... Saturday night, the big night. Date night. Saturday night, Sa-tur-day night! *PROPNAME*: No plans, huh? *PROPNAME*: Not a one. ~~HA HA HA HA HA!
i want to carve a pumpkin!
ready for a new day after a disappointing evening!
yeah buddy! cowboys!
why does everyone think the rain is time to play or walk extremely slow with their heads down....WTF!
oh yes its ladies night, and the feelins right! oh yes its ladies night, oh what a night...
i got that boom boom pow! lol lol lol!
what is everyone doing tonight?? i'm so bored.....
Out in Sacramento tonight! Starting at Badlands! WOO HOO!
biggest loser!!!! lol
ok...2 assignments and a midterm...then let the festivities begin! YAYYYYY!
school...back to real life! :-(
La Novia de Chucky...lol
my hangover + klonopin + gresy ass breakfast = festive events in me bed! :-)
Let's go Cowboys!
"and a britney song was on, and the britney song was on, and the britney song was on! so I put my hands up, they're playin my song, And the butterflys fly away, Noddin’ my head like yeah, Moving my hips like yeah" ~ oh yes, i went there!
mom: "so you're playing hard to get? me: "who's playin, I am hard to get!" LOL LOL LOL
should be studying but is being naughty! tisk tisk! LOL
davis is toxic...
Please fill out my survey at CA *PROPNAME* Survey Group!
feeling productive!! YEE!
just realized how much she missed all the girls! love you guys! XOXO
is trying to find a movie to wath online...any suggestions??
I am officially addicted to twilight! books and all!
restless...
irritated...
what is a gamora party??
:-DaaaaAAAAAHHHHH! tomorrow is the big day! SOOOOO excited!
1 pot of coffee + very little sleep = a spastic delirious pammy! wee
just saw a flash of channy's face on a commercial! YAY!
just experienced her first clarksburg light parade! LOL
time to study...all done tomorrow night! yee!!!!
being where I'm from, agricultural labor should be much more interesting to me...but, ughhhhhhhh! definately narrowing down potential career paths!
why do i choose to embarrass myself every chance I get? ugh.
i need another movie...damn insomnia!
is a wee bit disappointed! :-(
i'm on keeli's side...call me high school! LOL
omg...finally got the next twilight book...yay!!
HOLLER FOR GOOD GRADES!!!! woo hoo!
football and basketball at center court?
How bout them cowboys!!! YEE
Don't be tardy for the party! LOL
ummm...ouch...cool cousins christmas makes me worthless once again! best tradition ever!
OH boys...lets not be ghetto...
i believe i can fly! woo! i believe i can touch the sky! think about it every night and day, spread my wings and fly away! i realllllly need something to do right now! lol
new year...maybe some new hair...i'm thinking chocolatie brown!
getting ready to stalk taylor marsh...any hints would be helpful! LOL
trying something a little different...bringing in the new yar sober, hopefully it will be a reflection of the year to come! XOXO
most of my eyecandy is gone...time for a new gym! p.s. lost my phone! holler at me on here!
back to school, back to school, prove to dad i'm not a fool...
ugh...in a class with mostly 18 year olds, cursing myself for not taking com 1 my freshman year when i could've copied off of someone! damn it...lol
YAY!!! got my new phone!!! HOLLER!!!!
I find it odd that we're all just chillin on top of these massive plates floating on crazy hot elements that collide and shift. and all the while we stress these teeny tiny things...that's a pretty big picture! may god bless the people in haiti!
BEST TUESDAY EVER!!! done with dmv, getting my diploma in march, and getting off prob. early!!! YAY!
"it's raining, it's pouring, my whole life is boring, because of yooouuuuuu!" - if anyone beside weezie can name this quote i will be plesantly surprised
in mourning...what an embarrassment.
i wish it was summer, i want to go on a boat.
f* u raider fans! kick rocks!
oh sweet sweet monday, you treated me so well...
Today is an off day... thank goodness it's almost over! maybe some gym time at around 7:30 or 8? anyone... anyone?
oh time for little anna nicole to take a bath...i love when her little face gets more "concern" wrinkles! too cute!
stranded in the burg...someone come save me!!! lol
OMG!!!! LOST!
Tomorrow I officially stop having more fun! eek!
note to self...do not eat curvy pickles...they will squirt you in the eye when bitten into too feverishly!
wants to go to 2nd saturday right now!!!
lonely and bored! WAHHHHHH!
looking like this is going to be another sleepless night...dang it
is warm and blood free...oh sweet sweet life! lol
LOST b*tches!
gonna go try bikram yoga for the first time! this should be interesting!
officially EMPLOYED!!!!! YEE!!!!#SEPARATOR#Vegas until Thursday :)
Michigan and Chicago last weekend, Vegas next week, Milwaukee after that :)
I love Chic-fil-a. (And no, they are not my clients).
going to Milwaukee for the weekend :)
I need a name for my sewing collection - ideas welcome :)
Thanks for the Birthday wishes!
Had a great weekend in West Michigan.  Headed back to ATL for a few days.  Then I'll be back for *PROPNAME*'s wedding!
Homemade peach pie is done, now off to the pool!
unpacking
Sweetwater tonight! :)
Going to Twisted Taco at Perimeter tonight!
Are you going to the Big 10 Pub Crawl tomorrow in Midtown?
I'm on my way to Chicago for two days :)
new hobby: pillow shams :)
sewing a dress
At the Grand Traverse Resort - the bay is beautiful!
I have an abundance of Apple Crisp, Peach Cobbler and Peach Pie at my house - PLEASE HELP!
Back in ATL :)
Hanging out with *PROPNAME* :) Girls weekend!
pasta schmasta
Know anyone who can teach me how to knit and crochet?
Working from home is da' bomb.
Thai Chicken Pasta with Barilla Whole Grain Spaghetti - delicious dinner!
*PROPNAME* gave me a Christmas table cloth and dish towel! Now we have a Christmas tree and festive linens! :)
Watching Twilight :)
Cinnamon ice cream from scratch - just another day living with a culinary student :) *PROPNAME* rocks!
making a quilt
Headed back to ATL after a great weekend in Tampa :)
Chocolate covered potato chips - what will they come up with next! (They are so good!)
Christmasing :)
Going home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s bridal shower and Father's Day!!!
I love vacation. Tomorrow we're going to the beach :)
*PROPNAME* "Noel", Christmas slippers, hot cocoa, soft blanket, and a book. Just missing the snow!
Sewing again!
Back in Atlanta! There's no snow here!
My co-workers just 'bumped' - Love iPhone entertainment!
Traverse City this weekend, Detroit next weekend.  Fall in Michigan!
On my way to Chicago. :)
Headed back to Atlanta. Gasparilla was a hoot.
finishing my quilt today
Dearest Souper *PROPNAME* of Buckhead, Your chocolate cupcakes were heavenly. Hope to see you again for lunch soon!
Chicago on Monday & Tuesday, Orlando on Thursday & Friday and Tampa on Saturday & Sunday#SEPARATOR#is thanking God for another day in the land of the living. For tomorrow is not promised. A harsh reminder that we have a limited time to mend broken relationships achieve our goals and be with the ones we love.
is BACK! AND BETTER THAN EVER!!!! A little wiser a lot stronger and much happier with a NEW ATTITUDE! :-)
is lovin it! All I have to do is sit back, enjoy the ride, let the good times roll and my destiny is HERE. Yep, pretty much! :-)
is so disappointed...why do I always have to be right about these things?
knows that God is carrying her. Without Him this would be too much. "Keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life. (Proverbs 4:23) Lord, I know your love is enough for me. :-)
"If I should stay, I would only be in your way. So I'll go, but I know I'll think of you ev'ry step of the way...I hope life treats you kind. And I hope you have all you dreamed of. And I wish you joy and happiness but above this I wish you love....And I 
"Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouths speaks". Guard your words at all times. Your mouth can do so much damage to you and those around you. "The tongue is a world of iniquity, set afire of hell."
Word of the day: You don't have to settle for anything or anyone in your life. Determine what you don't like, pray hard, work hard, and fix it. Sometimes its just easier to walk away and start over.
is saying Lord take my hand, cover me and take me beyond what I understand.
is thinking that some people, once gone, need not EVER come back into your life...EVER.
is wondering why people think I'm going to put up with their foolishness. My silence IS NOT ignorance. YES, my price tag is HIGH, but the rewards FAR EXCEED THE COSTand those who matter will put in the work. The only treasure valued is the treasure worked for.
is finally doing what she should have done a long time ago. A burden has been lifted.
is SO HAPPY that my daddy ALWAYS hears and answers right on time!!! I LOVE MY JESUS and He's the only one that I need!
I got exactly what I asked for and it hurts. I forgot that nightmares are dreams, too.
is really craving some bbq! :-( I love my family but something's gonna have to change....
is starting all over again....
can see clearly now and no longer focuses on the closed doors. I'm only looking at all the open ones God has set before me. "Surely or ONLY goodness, mercy, and unfailing love shall follow me ALL THE DAYS of my life and the presence of the Lord and His house shall be my dwelling place forever."
"Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is GOD that justifieth...For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." Have a blessed day!
is lmbo as this last Uno game I just played! But really, though? Time for bed, long day tomorrow.
is comforted and content. It only gets better from here!
had dinner with one of her favorite teachers and is FINALLy home....
People come and go and will always disappoint so I only invest in God. Lord, I belong to you until the end of time. I just wanna be close to you.
Two weddings, one baby shower and a great church service on Sunday! A weekend full of love and encouragement and I know the best is yet to come! "All things work together for the good to them that love God, for them who are the called according to his purpose."
"And still, I rise."
is excited about her first day at her NEW JOB as a college graduate! This is gonna be a FABULOUS DAY! This is the day that the LORD hath made, let us REJOICE and be glad in it!
finally graudated, despite the weather. Thank you, Jesus. And thank you all for your love and support and thanks to my love who came out to celebrate with me last night!
enjoyed spending time with one of her favorite people, *PROPNAME*. :-)
has to start all over again...
is done with facebook. Why am I tagged in a status against my will?#SEPARATOR#now needs another costume idea for the 80's party!
is not ready for Monday.
just found a new way to annoy coworkers: drink a big gulp of water and chew as you slowly swallow it
is looking to hire an end user support technician.
feels niceness is wasted on some people
wants some Alertos to cure this hangover
talking to the two little guys standing on my shoulders about the iPhone
The best winter holiday season of my life has concluded
hates wearing contacts to work.
just came back from another awesome weekend in Mammoth.
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name. Then copy and paste this as your status. Put the first entry for your name under comments.
is one of the unlucky ones that has to work today.
24 hours til lift off#SEPARATOR#is excited for July 3rd.
is rather enjoying her little vacation in Oshkosh.
Is getting married in a little over a month
isn't sure what to think about things.
is waiting for August 28th at 4:15. Horray for the beginning of the rest of my life!
has cold feet.
is terribly confused. It feels like my mind is warring with itself...
is thinking hard and excited for her new Xanga layout!
thinks pipe tobacco is way better than cigarettes.
doesn't know how to cope with all of this stress... I think I've cried about 10 times in the last 3 days...
continues to befuddle herself.
was NOT able to push her wedding date back to the fourth of September. The presiding judge was full-up. The date remains August 28th at 4:15.
is sick.....still. And possibly jobless in 2 weeks. That is, if no more positions open up for me at Wal-mart.
hopes that wal-mart hires her, now realizing her blouse was open during part of the interview.
maybe a kitty would be a good christmas gift for *PROPNAME*....
still getting over that cold from last week.... but hey at least everyone's laid off the "quit smoking!" bit....
is at home on her first scheduled day off. And I'm bored out of my mind.
is still rather fluish.
is thinking that the poor girls doing that "single ladies" are getting dissed too much. I've seen younger girls doing lewder dances with less clothes. Seriously.
would work a spell if not for the moon being void of course...
is sick and tired of people who comment on every SINGLE status update, no matter how INSIGNIFICANT. We've been here before, you know who you are.
is having a little boy!
bought her 2010 Farmer's Almanac today.... horray for not having to write down every single sunrise, sunset, moonrise, moonset, and void of course pattern for next year! wOOt!
stayed home from work to take care of her hubby. By the way, the yorkie babies are so ADORABLE!
thinks that she needs some numbers from friends.
needs someone to drink for her on Dec. 12th since I'm pregnant and can't... lol
6 more days.... I'm counting down! And bah on all you snow-haters. All I know is I don't have to shovel this year, thanks to my loving hubby. Thank you hubby :)
is still sick. Oh well.
hm, low-signal internet? works for me.
I don't want to miss this weekend, but i might have to.... shitty weather and my hubby can't work today.... I think I might cry cause I really, REALLY wanted to go..... why did I ask for snow? I only wanted a little!
Finally! Snow in Reedsburg. I'm so happy there's gonna be snow on my birthday!
just woke up to half an inch of snow and is so happy, she's going outside in her pajamas to sweep it off her porch! That's no sarcasm folks..... I'm really excited. :) 5 days!
is a little upset about the amount of snow, and hopes she gets enough birthday money to visit her parents this weekend.
Well, Reedsburg certainly has an interesting way of plowing the streets..... 2 more days.
feels 8 months pregnant.... but really I'm only 5 1//2.....
wonders if its just coincidence that mine and my best friend's birthdays are EXACTLY twoo weeks apart.
Classes start 1//26 at 1:30 pm. I'm so excited!
is eating stroganoff, waiting for her hubby to come home and then maybe some sleep.
6 more days.... I'm counting down!
The siren in Reedsburg keeps going off. It's not the normal noonblast siren, it sounds like an air-raid siren and continued for 10 minutes. Can anyone tell me how to find out what the damn things mean?
SLEEP>WAKE UP>EAT>MORE WALLS AND FLOORS!
wishes vampire wars didn't take so long to put monies and energy back to your character.
TAPS then bed....
Sends out yuletide greetings to all her friends! I love you all and have a very merry holiday!
More walls! More floors! I need to make the sims 2 even more amazing!!!!
Hopes no one else bought a baby book for *PROPNAME*... I'm up to three now!
Going to grandma b's for dinner, then to sheboygan falls tomorrow... .what a busy weekend
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes and the cards. You guys made last week special. :)
Greatly dislikes the USPS. They damaged my christmas card :(
4 days folks, then up to mercer with my son and my loving hubby. I love you, hubby :)
Had a wonderiferous birthday. :)
is drowsy still... at least I managed to get 8 hours of sleep last night... a rarity these days.
found out The Used put out a new album this past year. How did I miss that one?
is a little upset about not being able to get a good connection all day. I'll try again tonight....
Cody's car is GHEY.
work on the forum is done for today..... now time to get lunch for me, connor and the baby and watch Wall-E again.....
going to be another long and boring week. So glad i don't have to go anywhere for a few months after this weekend.
Wishes she could post her awesome playlist to gaia but can't figure out the coding for it.
actually got some good sleep for once :)
knows what connor got from her.... he is such a little drama king, screaming bloody murder at time-outs!
sleepy...... >.> Working on the forum.
ugh... i hate this. Why is sleep such an issue when you're pregnant?
hates facebook, the internet, and her monitor.
is unloved <//3
hopes they schedule her C-Section at her doctor's appointment on Wednesday.
Tommorrow, I turn 21. I'm super excited. And I can't wait for 4 pm to roll around..... Mercer, here I come!
It never fails... I go to lay my son down for a nap and someone inevitably begins pounding on something, making it impossible for him to sleep.
They got me.... those darn Zynga games..... so addicting.....
3//3//10 *PROPNAME* is coming!
i need a massage. Now. Any takers?
I should have gone to bed earlier than 1:30 am..... guess I forgot that *PROPNAME* was going to be up at 7....
hubby is sick, connor is crabby..... I'm just tired.
finally found out who got her hubby and kid sick... and is pissed that she didn't find out until her son started puking.
has discovered that is an AWFUL idea to sleep on her back.
Getting my son to take a nap is like pulling teeth.
well, my kid and *PROPNAME* are better now..... just waiting for it to hit me...
I WANNA PLAY GF!
I think my part of the RP forum is done... we will need some moderators so anyone interested please send a meassage to me on here and I will get you set up with an account and send a linky.... thanks!
Pali Tank FTW!
absolutely HAS to remember to call MATC and drop her class.
I'll be back tomorrow, I'll be back at a quarter to eleven. I'm half drunk and I can't see straight, I hear a zero with a capital "Z". You got me singing songs from the balcony as the city crumbles under the powers of an evil doctor rocket science monster with capabilities to destroy the entire universe.
PANTS ON THE GROUND! PANTS ON THE GROUND! LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WITH YOUR PANTS ON THE GROUND!
sleepy.......
TAX REFUND!
City of Angels hads reconfirmed my belief that *PROPNAME* is AWESOME.
is tired.
spent another sleepless night tossing and turning, only to get up at 9 am and deal with a kid who, I swear, has the loudest, most ear-piercing scream I have ever heard (and uses it). To top it all off, I got a call from the clinic saying that I'm anemic, and they want to put me on yet ANOTHER iron supplement that I can't afford. FTW.
going to the in-laws for dinner then home for the evening.
can finally be on the net at the same time as her husband.... hooray!
is feeling it. >.>
doesn't want every status commented on. once in a while is fine but EVERY status? It's starting to get annoying. You know who you are.
has a naughty son.
tried to shovel. It was a bad idea.
it's been a good week.
is feeling better after sleeping on clean sheets.
Tell me that you're all right, and everything is all right.
Only one level left on Grand Fantasia, then I am a Palidin!
had a great holiday. Hopes the new year will bring better luck....
new profile image..... and the funny thing is, now that i think about... *PROPNAME* IS a lot like *PROPNAME*.....
To celebrate Valentine's Day, change your  profile picture to you and your spouse//significant other, and make sure  to tell how long you've been together!
thinks both her and her husband have sleep apnea.
My net sucks big, hairy, red man-balls. ARGH!
I am the eggman, they are the eggman, I am the walrus! Coo Coo Cachu!
smells justice has been served. What goes around comes around, and it definately came around for you, *PROPNAME*!#SEPARATOR#I may be the only *PROPNAME* in the world - I'm definitely the only one on Facebook.
Happy Father's Day to all you Dads
I have hardly given more information in the octameter,heptameter, hexameter, or pentameter than there is in the tetrameter- of course the boys are sleeping, you can't wake someone who isn't and a very roof is still a roof.  "The Ode Less Travelled." *PROPNAME*
has just completed sexual harassment training - now I can be really good at it!
Wow, I'm stupid - I can't count in monthly increments. I actually have one more month to complete this f____ thesis!!!
Haagen-Dazs "Baileys" ice cream, straight out of the pot - the perfect accompaniment for thesis writing
My wonderful husband bought me a really fast computer (the old one caught a Trojan). The remaining 15 pages will just fly by. Thank you *PROPNAME*
just dropped in on my lovely Italian friend - now feel the need for agnello e risotto a funghi
I now have a master's degree - ABT (all but thesis)!
First day as a high school English teacher. Apparently, an English accent fools 'em.
there will be no Magic Mountain fireworks on the 4th. Perhaps you guys don't want this independence thingy after all
Thesis approved! NOW can someone give me a job?!
It's *PROPNAME*'s birthday in about 45 minutes, but he "doesn't want a surprise party!"
I have submitted!
It was so nearly the perfect football day - UCLA won again, but then USC came from behind
Now *PROPNAME* is asking "when's my party? " Who predicted that?!
*PROPNAME*
My son breaks his ankle on the football field and his only concern is that he missed the pool party with the cheerleaders!
Question: How does one get 8th graders to shut the ____up?! *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? I know you know - I'm exhausted.
I went sailing  today with the Fergies and Rich Pearsall. I polluted the Pacific a little more that it was alreaddy 
We will miss the Moos-Rubins, but we're looking forward to another great evening at the Bowl.
I'm almost ready to submit.
I have a new job!!!
I have at least one crazy child who is back on the football field!!
This teacher got an apple today - and grapes, strawberries, and cream!
no-class stadium for a no-class coach :( but I did park on someone's drive for $20 instead of the $60 that I would have had to give to USuCk
It's a lovely day in the neighbo[u]rhood when UCLA win AND the University for Spoiled Children lose :)
My second favorite team - Arizona!!!
Go Navy!
During a recent password audit, it was found that a blonde was using the following password: MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento. When asked why such a long password, she said she was told that it had to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital.
Back home from an evening of "Enlightened Debauchery" and no Walt Whitman in sight. There was this one guy from NY saying something about leaves of grass....
our tree is naked! we can't find the skirt
my cousin keeps beating me at Bejewled Blitz!
did someone already tell me the difference between news feed and live feed? Sorry, I wasn't listening
it's too close - we're not used to playing in the cold
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE! ?
for those of you who asked, the port was an '85 "*PROPNAME*" from Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal
We Wish You a Merry??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•?? Christmas??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??We Wish You a Merry ??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??Christmas ? ? ?We Wish You A Merry ??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??Christmas ??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??...And A Happy New Year!??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??... Copy and paste~keep the wave going!
For those of you who are just 6-7 hours away from 2010, Happy New Year//nuovo anno felice//nouvelle année heureuse etc., and for the rest of us, whether on the east or west coast, I hope it will be worth the wait :)
nothing yet - it's my day off!
Black
finally, raspberry pink, white, and grey
Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone, who is a Wanker!.) Wankers affect the lives of many. There is still no known cure for these a_____s!!! But we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this, will YOU make this your status for at least one hour. :D
to whom it may concern, have a great first day at school today. and make good choices
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need! I am proud of my children.
3-ish
just discovered our dog barks at thunder!
status is being tracked, the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status. You only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour. Lets all do our bit to help
My first English department meeting
It's our anniversary - 16 years ago today, the Rassool family landed in California to pursue the American Dream....
One syllabus down, one to go, but I got distracted.
Happy Chinese New Year! To all my fellow tigers: Leo who turns 12 this year, and any friends who are turning 24, 36, 48, 60, 72 or more, it's going to be a lucky year for us!#SEPARATOR#is fat and happy :]
starting in sept!! =)
going to get fatter on a cruise with miss fatty
yay background check says I'm not a criminal
Congrats Dr. and Mrs. Tran!!
i BEAT the system!! speeding ticket is DISMISSED!! WOOT!
ty all for your birthday wishes!
does anyone need a really really big master bedroom in SD?????
My new froggies are so cute....names are *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*
bAwwwW at work late today....BBAAWWWWW!!
y dont you just set your profile to private? Both of you are spoiled girls....so your statements are invalid
@_@ turkeyday for me = a bunch of republicans coming together eating a huge feast and Obama bashing....its disgusting!
MMM should i get a PS3 to play uncharted 2??? MMMM!!!!
successful wedding!!!....Im so pooped and sleeping on the ground doesn't help! lol#SEPARATOR#"Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it."
"In awe I watched the waxing moon ride across the zenith of the heavens like an ambered chariot towards the ebony void of infinite space wherein the tethered belts of Jupiter and Mars hang forever festooned in their orbital majesty. And as I looked at all
"I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer." ~ *PROPNAME* XD
"Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up." XD
"Ah, *PROPNAME*. The eyes are open, the mouth moves, but *PROPNAME* has long since departed." ~ *PROPNAME* XD XD
"Death and famine stalk the land like two great stalking things." ~ *PROPNAME*
"Arguments are to be avoided
podkanva vseki, koito ima da i prashta snimki ot razlichni meropriyatiya, da go stori v skype vuzmojno nai-skoro... ^^ :P#SEPARATOR#Damn, U.S. beat Spain? We should be proud
had a FOG sighting on the street
District 9: not perfect but definitely lives up to the hype
needs a job
*PROPNAME* may have been out of line, but Single Ladies is much better than *PROPNAME*'s crappy song and mediocure video  and at least for once he wasn't complaining about himself not losing
Does anyone have Skype? just got it
Celebrated the New Year in true Oakland style, hearing automatic gunfire seconds after midnight
"This is what it's all about, isn't it, listening audience?  A brief seizing brilliance in the immediate air.  A death-rendered flash of perfect equilibrium."-Don Delillo, Ratner's Star#SEPARATOR#Does anyone know how to install Office 2007 in LINUX using WINE ?
Forgot to take my cell phone to office.. to reach me (for today) send me mssg on Google talk or Facebook
Had the most random interaction with a stone drunk stranger!
Had an amazingly lazy and uneventful day... Saturday sucks!!!!!!!!!
Is history written or is it made??
Finally Internet at HOME :D
ONLINE finally!!!
Random girl (In a bus) : Are you half chinese?                                                               Me : HUH !!??????!!????
Migrated to Ubuntu Linux completely.
Funniest thing happen to Roman Polanski :D LOL
Listening to Hare Krishna ..just in case :D
Can anyone forward me an invit to Google wave???
First time: Had three shots of of Jack Daniels on the rock and than to the LAB
HERE IS A QUICK POLL FOR ALL OF YOU: HOW MANY OF YOU , AT THIS POINT IN YOUR CAREER, HAVE HELD MORE THAN 5 JOBS ?
Are thoughts and substance interchangable? Can we redirect our thoughts to substantiate anything that would be comparable to our physical surroundings and experiences ?
Football.. fun fun and fun
Events of the evening : Random lady at the bus stop : Do you know what "No. 11" beer is? Me: Is that a bus No. or a course No. Random lady : My lab mate said it is a good drink and I can et it here at WSU Me (Thinking) : Seriously ... of all the ppl u could have asked...why me??
Any comments on the simmilarity between SITA in Ranamayan and HELEN of troy?  Ceartive inputs are more than welcome!
Finally have a linux box that runs Office 2007 :)
Pigly-wigly diet soda !
Just got to know that my co-worker was going to call cops on me ,cause that person did not know that  I was new to the work place. Fun  huh?
EPIPHANY : Two shots of JAMESON'S can do WONDER'S to your experiments beyond your wildest imagination :D
Simplicity in our lives comes out of deep thinking
What happened to the good ol' days when we could fly and and get inebriated by just thinkin' about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
20-26 NICE!!!
To those with interest in international politics and policy I recommend : "THE POST-AMERICAN WORLD" By *PROPNAME* 3.84
Our personalities reflect the the environments we have lived in the past, which would also largely determine the ones we might live in.
Anyone looking for google wave invits ?.. lemme know.
LIVE FROM MY NEW KICK ASS 64-BIT PC
Its CONSIDERABLY COLDER here at PULLMAN , WA, than East Lansing!!
Watched AVATAR and it was  :  1. A sort anti-pollution, green peace statement 2. A light heart warming love story 3. AND WHAT NOT TO DO DO WHEN WE ACTUAL INVADE OTHER PLANETS :D
An existence of polemic bad ideas can cause considerable damage to society.
Finally found " *PROPNAME* and His Flying Robot " ... anybody remembers this series
Watched 9 and. it was fantastic!
Merry Christmas to you ALL!
East Lansing : -21 C (feels like) Pullman : -14 C (Feels like) Damn you East Lansing.. I shall have my revenge!
Finally got my paper degree . Officially , I have graduated!
Saw 3 idiots.. It was refreshing. Even though it appered to me as more of a commentary on  our education system.  However, it painted a fairly black'n white picture.  But then .. its just entertainment :)
East Lansing : -16 C (feels like) Pullman : -10 C (Feels like)
"My god its full of stars"...ANYONE?
Watching a Godzilla movie... I almost forgot how much i missed them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Heard *PROPNAME* after a long time.  Took me back to my ol' school and undergrad  days
Watching K-pax and njoying every momemnt of it
About to brew my first gallon of beer!#SEPARATOR#(purposefully contradicting *PROPNAME*) AGHH!! The heat! *opens arms in welcoming fashion*. I mean, you all complain when it's cold and rainy, as per usual, and you complain when it's warm. CONSISTENCY, PEOPLE!
It’s true what they say
is introspective...
CRISIS Next weekend my brother is having a ‘giant’ sleepover with four of his devil spawn minions. 1) Isn’t he a little *old* for that kinda thing? 2) Last time ONE of them came over, I had to listen to Three Days Grace on full blast on my iPod so I could concentrate enough to READ. Yes, you heard me! If anybody who a) isn’t a pervert, and b) doesn’t hate me could offer a place to stay, I would be grateful...
is craving a vanilla latte and some new good music 'cause she's bored of just going through her shuffle... something Decemberist-esque? (Ha, that's a mouthful.)
Has anyone seen our homework timetables? Fucking A.
I had pancakes for lunch. I'm gonna die young and fat :'(
FUCKING HELL! THE THUNDER IS RIGHT ABOVE THE HOUSE!
"Ooooooh, I think I smell a rattttt"
The lighting's really weird out
made lemon cupcakes with pink icing. Ahhh, E. numbers.
"Halfway around the world Lies the one thing that you want Buried in the ground, hundreds of miles down First thing that arises in your mind while you awake Bending you til you break"
"I'm a road runner honey and you can't keep up with me" ~Aerosmith :)
Got a brilliant new playlist :D I heart it.
REDRUM.
wants to bury her head in a hole.
And it's an ALL-NIGHTER.
OMG! BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN!!! SQUEE!!!
burnt finger again...
How do you find out your fucking color group?
has burnt her finger. It really hurts, as well.
I must be pregnant, or something. It's not natural to have hummus cravings...
Downloading a new playlist. 1 hour, 40 minutes to go - woopee!
is, decidedly, an eloquent drunk.
Ugh I'm hungry. Siren Song - Bat For Lashes. Take Me To The Riot - Stars. Consolers Of The Lonely - The Raconteurs. Running Up That Hill - Placebo.
Ugh.
There are so many fucked up people because there are so many fucked up marriages or lack thereof.
To anyone who gives a shit, look at the photo I found of Wogie!!!
Tired with a pancake craving...
Buzzz...
Shitty day + Monday Migraine + Late home = URRRRRRRRG!
Half of my English coursework done. Woot!
*Swallows down last mouthful of seventh cup of tea today*
Sick - bleh :(
What modules//points do we have to revise for Chemistry?
SIX-HUNDRED DAYS!
My brother is watching the Jerk Theory for the third time since Friday.
IPOD FIXED!!!! YAY!!!
My hair smells like cookies...worrying... :S
Had great day in the snow with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. More to follow tomorrow :D
The Vanishing Act of *PROPNAME* <3
My inability to wash up properly means that nobody trusts me to do it :)
It's freaky. My brother's only two inches off me. Eh, he still has freakishly large feet. I can live happy with that abnormality even if it's not accompanied by a 5'4" frame.
Spent all day watching Glee. I hate it and love it at the same time. SO CHEESY!
Was ANYONE else off school today? I was sure nobody would be able to get in. Eh.
"NOT THAT KIND OF ESCORT!!!" Hehehe.
I'd swear the 'rents were just yelling "gavinda" right now...
Caffine. Check.
EVERYTHING FUCKING ACHES! (Don't you dare like this, *PROPNAME*.)#SEPARATOR#Well ain't that the cat's pajamas!!
Is it more funny or more funnier? I dunno use it in a sentence. It was just more funnier...
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. ~*PROPNAME* ~
Lovin' the grace God has clearly been pouring out... :-D
Hmm, next weekend?
wishes she was as cool as *PROPNAME*, but... that'll never happen!  =]
im a monkey. i stink and pee freely often. yaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy
I get $$$$
is done with work on Friday!! :-D
Just one final stands between me and NO CLASS WOOO!!
I am doing quite awesome, and I am very happy and excited about life but some people need to stop hijacking my fb...
is going to be a O&P practitioner...maybe :-)
Back in EL :-)
this one time i tried to punch lara and i accidentally scratched my face. basically i failed miserably.
Back in the E.L. :-)
Trying to figure out what to do with my life...hmmm suggestions?
Last day of work!! Any suggestions for wild and crazy celebrations??
Would you eat panda?
Making chocolate rasberry brownies...yum :)
Attempting to finish unpacking...arg
picking her nose. ooo gold rush up there!
is about to go to sleep at 9:30pm...old age is setting in
Thank you all for the birthday wishes :-)
What a beautiful day of football :-)
I love the fray!! .:squeeky voice:.
Classes are getting in the way of my college life...
AHHHHHHHHHH!!! Static fluid mechanics= death...
9:00pm V102...CABIN FEVER 2!!!!! Anyone is welcome to come...if you think you can handle it!!!!!!!!
9:02pm V102...CABIN FEVER 2!!!!! Anyone is welcome to come...if you think you can handle it!!!!!!!!
heheheh i'm rachel yayyyyyy!
*PROPNAME* is an L7 WEANIE
is an L7 weanie
It's been a good birthday :-)
is chowin on wheat rice!!!!!! dang, this stuff is soooo good :-)
moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist... This goes out to all those people who are unapreciative of the word moist.  You make my eyes moist with all this hating...
Really likes *PROPNAME*'s status and feels the same way :)
Excited for Compelling 09!!! :]
Check it out... :-)                 http:////www.facebook.com//event.php?eid=275183520261&ref=mf
I'm *PROPNAME*, and I have a biiiiig green watch. It's so cool. Kinda like AmyO. I think she is the coolest person ever. I wish I were as awesome as AmyO.
Take my quiz. See how cool I am.
wants everyone to sign up for the Ski Trip (you dont actually have to ski on this trip. you could just come hang out.)!!!!! Right now. If youre sitting there saying, "Ski Trip? where? when? how do i sign up?" comment on this post and i will hook you up. i better see like 50 comments on this post when i check back tonight.
Excited to the maxx!!
**.:Welcome back Winter once again And put on your warm fuzzy sweater Cuz you'll feel much better when The snowflakes fall Gently to the ground:.**
Fixed her computer speakers!!! Feel free to send her sweet youtube videos :-)
Anyone needing a study break come check out the Baker's new music video!!!!
Most relaxing song ever... :) http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=4f7tx25O9XM
rub-a-dub-dub
Please take a long hard look through your textbook, cause I'm history... Off on Urbana adventures!!! Back on the 7th- DUCES!!
Packing for Ur-ban-UH and the sunshine state =D
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery, lol!! Love the cheesy jokes... :-)
bahahahaaaa!
Ohh finals week...Friday, please come quickly ://
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!! :D
I just got kamikazied by a kiss...wrapper
Anybody up for playing volleyball today??
Jk about volleyball...who wants to go iceskating tonight from 10-11:30 at munn??
"I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." Martin Luther King, Jr.
I LOVE JENN ARNOLD!!!!
Magenta :)
Missing summer and WWR... *tear
&hearts
Contemplating the details of urban planning...#SEPARATOR#is sick of joint facebook pages. Be an individual for christ's sake!
T minus 7 days
is going to visit Warwick Castle in the morning and spend the afternoon in Stratford-upon-Avon... you know you're jealous :)  I am thoroughly enjoying my time in England (despite the tragidy of having my purse stolen on Saturday) and will miss it terribly
would really like to go back to Europe, please...
wants to go back to England :( Amsterdam just isn't my cup of tea...
ditto to charlie's status
really cannot believe *PROPNAME* and all the "birthers"... you have got to be kidding me...
ok, yes it's great that the Lakers won the championship, but there's no need to start fires and shake cars. East LA needs to calm the F down
got her iPod Touch back today (YAY!!!), complete with headphones and the addition of a few new apps, including the Koran, iPray, World War, and Brain Tutor. I'll let you do with that what you will... 
is feeling a lot better... slowing things down and taking a deep breath really does a world of good
Manpuku on Sawtelle is my absolute favorite restaurant.
going to the Edison tonight with my sister :)
sometimes, most of the time, life is too fast and too confusing for my liking...
is looking forward tonight's Top Chef Masters
and *PROPNAME* are gonna meet *PROPNAME* on Tuesday :D
absolutely loves the London police department. I'm getting my ipod touch back!!!
Thank you all for my wonderful birthday wishes!!!
Europe pictures are finally up! Come check 'em out... you'll have to find them on my actual profile not in my "photo albums"
nobody should have to work on their birthday, unless they want to...and I don't want to so I shouldn't have to :(
doesn't have to apartment hunt anymore :)
finding a place to live is ridiculously stressful
is looking forward to tonight!
looks like I finally caught whatever cold is going around. Packing and moving is even more difficult when you're sick :(
can walk to *PROPNAME*'s (and a myriad of other awesome places) from her new apartment :)
REALLY doesn't feel good and REALLY wishes her boss (who even acknowledged that I'm sick) would send her home.
excited about seeing The Used this friday! I bet nobody knew how hard I like to rock  :)
is temporarily upset with Obama for being in a commercial with *PROPNAME*.
had a really really good day
watch "The Age of Wal-Mart" on CNBC
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
chips and salsa must be made with crack or heroin. What else can explain my addiction to it?
I know this is old news, but I don't think *PROPNAME* could be more annoying or less funny.
bored as hell...
loves myth busters. Now I can double dip all I want!
needs a drink...
I am wrecked, I am overblown...
how come every time I make a cake with whole wheat flour it ends up tasting like corn bread?  I like corn bread a lot, but I'm trying to make a cake that tastes like CAKE :(
is still in shock...
has done way too much driving and sat in way to much traffic this weekend
survived *PROPNAME*'s Scary Farm last night...for two... whole... hours...
goin on a cruise to Mexico!
mmmm lemon cake with vanilla frosting :)
doesn't feel so good :(
craves enlightenment...
has a job interview tomorrow, wish me luck!
is eating a huge bowl of piping hot homemade chicken soup... mmmm...
I have the worst sore throat and earache (now going on three weeks)
the unemployed life is a strange one, I'll tell you that...
loves 3rd Rock from the Sun reruns
, after this weekend, kind of sort of maybe feels like she MIGHT want to move back to the IE...
wow... what a weekend
COME on Angels!
needs, wants, yearns.
hates it when she buys stuff at one grocery store, then goes to another store for something the original store didn't have, and finds that all the stuff she did buy at the first store costs less at the second store. Ugh.
is going to get off her ass and actually be productive today!
Comedy club tonight! Woot :)
Change your language to English (Pirate). Click on the English link on the bottom of your Home page. It's pretty awesome.
walked by a full IV bag (complete with hose) in the gutter outside my apartment...
is never drinking again
wishes her apartment had a heater :(
had an interview today. Crossing my fingers that I get a call (a good call) tomorrow!
and her friend really need a DD for tonight. Any takers???  :)
goin to the dmv... woohoo!
had a wonderful and wavy weekend on the big blue
where can I find current episodes of Top Chef online? (if they can be found online) I'm so behind :(
really wants to study at a library or coffee shop today, but nobody will want to sit or drink coffee next to a girl who's coughing up her lungs...
Happy Thanksgiving all!
loves the picturesque view from her bedroom window
what a gorgeous day it is
off to Paris in the morning!
needs something to do tonight...
really wishes she lived in England or France right about now
really wants to see Avatar...tomorrow...night... hint hint 
just got home from Riverside to find less than a block from my apartment: SIX cop cars, a HUGE congregation of police officers (some with guns drawn!), and a helicopter circling the area. I have no idea what's going on!
wants her stupid sore throat to go away already!
excited about volunteering tomorrow! and hopeful about my job interview
this cold ain't gonna keep me from line dancin my boots off tonight! YeeHaa!
"If we were never ill, we would not know what it was to be well. If we never knew hunger, we would take no pleasure in being full. If there were never any war, we would not appreciate peace. And if there were no winter, we could never see the spring."
is sick and wishes her mom was here to make her some tea and chicken soup...
, for the first time since she first arrived on facebook years ago, started to fill out the "personal information" section on her profile.
the times, they are a-changin...
money should never be the goal, only the byproduct.
is beyond pissed at *PROPNAME* right now...
is eating top ramen for the first time in a LONG time...
really wants to chop all her hair off... well, not all of it, just a lot of it...
is super excited to see *PROPNAME* today!!!
*PROPNAME* was AAAWWWEEESSSOOOMMMEEE!!!!!!! I would go see his show live over watching it on TV any day!
is boycotting NBC
the night wasn't a waste afterall :)
going Salsa dancing tonight... hope I don't embarrass myself  :)
doesn't like thunder :(
sometimes wonders (as much as I LOVE *PROPNAME*) if the whole NBC vs. *PROPNAME* fiasco is actually a ploy to boost ratings and get better guests for the tonight show... because, if so, it's working...
just got home after not having been since 4:30 to find a candle still lit on my dresser... oops...
“The God I believe in is with those who suffer, doesn’t punish those or create evil for those who are already suffering”
started the day off right: with a big fat ticket from the #%$&*!@ Los Angeles police department...
finally watched the final episode of The Tonight Show with *PROPNAME*. It was amazing, and *PROPNAME*'s speech brought me to tears. I also loved hearing that he and I have something in common
It's a concept that represents a profound shift from how we think about money and satisfaction and the obligation of a government to its people.
finished her taxes  :D
needs to go to sleep now! going rock climbing in the morning (eek!)
desperately needs a job...
take a nap or go to the gym... what to do what to do...
two fire trucks just pulled up to the apartment building across the street. I'm assuming//hoping it's not an extremely urgent matter because the firemen weren't exactly running into the building, more like moseying...
had a wonderful night! hung out with some really great people and listened to some really great music!
"If it's true, if I am indeed addicted to sadness, I absolve myself of blame. Responsibility rests firmly with my brain. It is a flawed design. Worse than the 1975 Ford Pinto and just as dangerous."
wishes she was a football fan...
from urbandictionary: "She has the most beautiful eyes and hair.  She smells that of a fall evening, and her voice will typically seranade you." and "A really sexy, funny, smart girl that every guy wants. 'Damn, you lucky bastard, your gf is a total *PROPNAME*!'"  :D
might need to start figuring out what organs she can sell on the black market...
anyone know if and where the state of the union address might be viewable online? I've googled it but can't find anything, and I don't have tv so I didn't get to watch it live :(
new goal for 2010: write something for publication and actually have it published.
Yay blue skies!
just interviewed at an organization whose office is in the same building and on the same floor as the Production, Art, and Writing offices for Mad Men. Pretty cool :)
"...the event marked a major shift, what I might call a 'paradigm shift' if I were the kind of person who used terms like 'paradigm shift'..."
is glad hulu has the entire Strangers with Candy series... funny stuff
going to an underground art show tonight complete with art (of course), live music, drinks, body painting, and free pancakes :D  It's going to be quite an eclectic experience!#SEPARATOR#will break that trap = =+ and climb out alive.
GRE! GRE!! GRE!!!
A.D. - Always Derek
XD happy birthday to me ~
will soon fall into ETS's GRE trap ~
24 years old ~ ?????
(self-with-other knowledge) -- "... the self is in fact entagled at both the interpersonal level with specific others in one's life and at the collective level in relation to the social groups with which one identifies. At a cognitive level, this implies that linkages exist in memory between significant-other representations and the self, as well as between knowledge designating social categories and the self."
[ ?? ] ??MBA???????!?! ????! ???? [notice] anyone knows what questions are on a MBA interview? please let me know!
two interviews to go
so... doubling the rate of failure ~ hahahah
In the rainning storm of the morning, by the path of a farming country, the silver hair woman said to me as I greets her, "When tough time comes, the tough kept going."#SEPARATOR#anotha day, anotha dolla
tryin to figure out what to do w. a plane ticket to NYC the 24th w. no one to hang out with. FML!
Deceiving others. That's what the world calls a romance.
Taking out my frustrations on 300 plus pounds of gravity motivated iron
well everyone I know has got a reason to say, you could put the past away
Tattoo on the lower back...might as well be a bulls-eye
Just trying to play 1 round of golf before this summer is over!!
thought some chick was hitting on me last night, but it turned out she was just getting my attention so she could make fun of me for being over 20 and still wearing Abercrombie. FML!
get a job sparkling wiggles...
I love PSU!
last day of work! f'in right doggie!
Round 2...
I've had better...
living in a haze...looking for the meaning of life and only finding darkness
is so much cooler online
Trying to learn how to build a cowboy hat out of a Natty light boxes
trust lies at the core of love
has been working all week, it's time to play gonna get a little bit sideways
wicked salacity leads to anger and frustration
you're not sure that you love me, but you're not sure enough to let me go
taking one step forward then 2 steps back...story of my life
another lonely night with nothing to hold on to but memories of better days...
exhausted
recovery day
ugh! in rough shape
Don't worry about the people in your past, there's a reason they didn't make it to your future.
she said, "you probably don't remember me," I said, "only every other memory."
she put him out, like the burning end of a midnight cigarette
This is the man cave, there's no women allowed in here. I got a jerk-off station for God's sake.
I got a feelin' that tonight's gonna be a good night!
we'll put a boot in your ass, it's the American way
Southside tonight...any takers?
let's get drunk and be somebody
just livin' the dream
Findin' a steady pay check for next year...
Lovin' this Hawaiian pizza!
I just wish I could take back that kiss. Because now I know... it was the taste of betrayal.
WHITEOUT!!
credit card roulette cost me $81.10...FML!
I'm better than ya ex, gonna be better than ya next
PSU loss, Steelers loss...my life is in shambles
IM football, Southside...life is good
<insert depressing, emo lyrics here>
PSU this weekend? obvi!...
don't think I don't think about it, don't think I don't have regrets...
Maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves
Football all day...that's what I love about Sunday's
Lovin' life!
shorty's like a melody in my head
Getting some much needed TLC from mom...and the trap is cleaner than ever, which is nice!
I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T, do you know what that means?
(801): You dropped me off at the wrong girl's house. (1-801): There's no such thing as a "wrong girl" make it happen. (801): alright see you in the morning.
CMU football...is there anything better?
ugh! rough weekend!
dying of dysentry...
WPT, yes please!
terrible night!
is trying to justify his CMU education in exchange for the PSU atmosphere...not really working
noddin' my head like 'Yeah,' movin' my hips like 'Yeah!'
Just got pizza delivered to my house in Pittsburgh by a chick I went to high school with in Coudersport...feel so much better about my life right now!
"I don't feel like watching football, I would rather watch a good movie"--*PROPNAME*....manhood in question
everyone is single if you're willing to try hard enough
PHI is callin' my name!
Ready for the long weekend
false alarm. still invincible.
State blows another opportunity...shouldn't have expected anything else...
I am officially the dumbest person in the entire world...my life sucks
Chi-town for the weekend!
False alarm...still invincible
Is it May yet?
Turkey Bowl at Beaver Stadium...sick!
i guess if that's what you're into...
Tailgating in the Wendy's parking lot is the new thing to do!!
LMFAO!
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own.  Everybody has their private world where they can be alone. Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you...
tryin' to keep the streak alive
To feel your pain, you feel mine. Go inside eachother's minds, just to see what we'd find. Look at shit through eachother's eyes.
Man date at Hokkaido...SMAAART!
scars heal, glory fades, and all we're left with are the memories made. pain hurts, but only for a minute. your life is short so go on and live it, cause the chicks dig it
needs a formal date for Friday night...stat!
Cleveland celebrating birthdays with the King, New Years in the 'burg, cruisin' the Caribbean....gonna be a nice little weekend!
I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really, ridiculously good looking. And I plan on finding out what that is.
85 and sunny in Jamaica, 82 and sunny in Grand Cayman....SMICK!
Puzzling my face off!
Women lie, men lie, numbers don't lie!
4 rounds of credit card roulette shots and never had to pay...love that!
Trapp mandate...dinner and a movie, does it get any better?
FML!!
Composing a script for greek sing....will most definitely be epic!
ridiculous!
hang on tight, cause it's gonna be wilder than any 8 second ride
Jammin' some *PROPNAME* on the new Trapp piano!
All the classy broads hit up half price wine night right?...#SEPARATOR#Best. Wedding. Ever. I LOVE YOU TO DEATH EM AND COL!
Who's gonna see the Harry Potter movie with me? The person who comes is still allowed to judge me.
is sick =(
34,865 Kleenex and some codeine later, Kea rejoins the world of the living...
took the first step toward developing a green thumb today. Windowbox basil, anyone?
Good god, vacation can't get here soon enough. Here I come sun, sand, fresh seafood, and pleasure reading!
Well, it finally happened: I bought a coffee so big it didn't fit in my microwave for re-heating. (Sub-status update: Go to bing.com for some major Boston pride 
Enjoying the lovely golden weekend!
couldn't hate these new Gap commercials more. They are seriously the devil's handiwork.
s dream of a roof garden will not be dashed, gosh darn it!
is pretty inspired by how active (and cool) some of her geriatrics patients are...
So like, what's the deal with *PROPNAME*? I think I'm missing a basic understanding of this cultural phenomenon.
Did anyone else think it was obvious *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* were getting a divorce like 34 seasons ago?
Life is so good! Medicine rocks and I am so proud of my man for his stellar performance review today. Here comes the first Latino Microsoft CEO, watch and wait.
The roof garden is born! Will post pics after a dinner made with our very own herbs =)
hates saying bye to *PROPNAME*=(
Apparently, all it takes for me to go on a semi-psychotic, cockroach-killing rampage is two glasses of wine and a strategically placed Dansko.
Ok, the new *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* is kind of amazing. NOW who is coming with me on 10//22?
Very slowly meandering my way toward garden bliss. Does anyone in Philly have a patio umbrella they're trying to rid themselves of, by chance?
Days becoming so much shorter...
Hooked on Weeds without any way of getting my next dose soon. Damn you, Netflix instant queue and your empty promises.
If this societal obsession with vampires had happened while I was going through my "phase" in middle school, it really could have changed my life.
Good luck on shelves tomorrow, friends!
Out into the cool fall air for lots of mocha and a little studying.
never appreciated how good a dancer *PROPNAME* was until the recent marathons of Dirty Dancing. Kudos where kudos are due.
Anyone interested in joining me for *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* on Oct. 22 at the Electric Factory? Ticket are $35 =( but I'd go with good company!
s mind was just completely blown by the awesomeness of Zahav (Israeli restaurant here). Easily in the top three restaurants I've eaten at, worldwide. Go there. Now.
Enjoying the nostalgia of fall...
Hi, fall.
How about getting to bed early? Anyone want to jump on the bandwagon?
Forty-five minutes on a Rittenhouse bench, with a bag full of veggies and La Colombe mocha, really turns the day around =)
just had chicken McNuggets for dinner. This is a new low. And it's called "short call at CHOP."
Just burned out.
Q3 overnight call at CHOP tomorrow. Poopie.
forgot how much she missed House until she saw the premiere. Love it.
thinks it feels pretty fly to see her tiny shoots of arugula (and spinach, kale, and two types of lettuces) battling the odds!
Hm. Apparently running for the first time in months makes me simultaneously feel like horse $#!@ and want to devour a steak. Wasn't prepared for that.
How did fall completely slip through the crack between summer and winter?
Maybe I should have Bing'd whether staph aureus toxin is inactivated via boiling BEFORE boiling and eating the soup I left out for 24 hours.
*PROPNAME* at RitFit is my new favorite person. It's kinda nice to be cajoled into thinking you're "way stronger than you think" at doing bicep curls. And that's what I'm paying him for.
Just scared myself senseless by watching most of Dracula. I am such a bigger pansy than I used to be, back in my vampire-obsessed, middle-school days...
Sick day today =(
Weekends go by so quickly... =(
No wonder *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* dumped *PROPNAME*. His song about her is HORRENDOUS, even for a 90s ballad. Now I understand that *PROPNAME* is a (marginal) step up for her. *Shudder*
had about 7L of insensible losses via mouth-breathing last night and woke up with a tongue the consistency of beef jerky. This viral URI can stick it up its tiny viral you-know-whoosy.
Holy crap. I am in love with you *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME*. IN LOVE WITH YOU.
Turned the heat on, finally.
can't taste her food and is officially pissed at her URI.
Somtimes you just gotta laugh.
finally drove out the dust ponies. They were becoming too domesticated and needed to be set free in their natural habitat.
needs free and lazy costume ideas. The polls are open!
has 10 times more respect for *PROPNAME* after her crazy bra lady moves. Herioc indeed.
watched in shock today as a nurse on the bus poked and yelled at an old, disabled man for sitting too close to her in the section designated for old and disabled people. Wishing I'd said something.
Buy a Christmas//Hannukah//Kwanzaa//Solstice tree? Check. Get Step 1 books? Check. Start dinner before 10pm? Check. It's really amazing what we can accomplish when we're let out of surgery early!
Sunday blues.
I recounted my nap-dream to Raf just now. He recounted that he wanted to shoot himself in the face. Apparently the narrative was much more exciting and dramatic in my head...
Note to self: Trying to rekindle an old flame for string cheese is not well accomplished using low-salt, skim mozarella sticks.
Not only is Dracula good, but Batman Forever is still amazing. I had SUCH good taste in movies as a high schooler, holy crap! And now I like The Holiday?!
Christmas tree decorating. *PROPNAME* of the Bells. Potentially cocoa and//or holiday cookie baking. I am officially the worst Jew ever.
Is anyone else kinda suffering through this elective ranking process? I spent months obsessing over the exciting possibilities, and now all I want to do is avoid it...
Halfway done with med school and off to the Outer Banks for two weeks. Limited access to phone and e-mail, but will check when I can! CONGRATS classmates!
*PROPNAME* has officially caused my imminent failing of OB//GYN. I have spent a cumulative day reading "The Hunger Games" and its sequel, "Catching Fire" in the last week. And now I can't study because I'm pining for the final book in the series, which won't come out til August. Damn you, *PROPNAME*, and your cruel attempt to get me reading again!
Brokeback is officially the most depressing movie of all time.
Thank you, Case Files. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't know what to expect when undergoing "The Menopause."
Home sweet turkey!
Sunday. *PROPNAME* gone. And the person standing in line behind me at the minimart, who saw me paying with a bill that had a giant inappropriate anatomical figure on it, was a pastor. Of course.
Me: "Omg I am tired after two robotic-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomies with bilateral salpingoopherectomies. *PROPNAME*: "Awesome I did a fatakanicous dilopidous internal rectomy today too." I pity the fool who is forced to date a med student.
T-6 days til St. John and leaving *PROPNAME* til March. I just realized how weird this feels.
Mmm. Nothing like tea and Galetti to transport me back to early morning breakfasts in Florence.
"Cuz when the roof caved in and the truth came out I just didn't know what to doooo, But when I become a star we'll be living so large I'll do anything for youuuu...". On repeat. I don't care if this makes me a loser.
got a white Christmas of her own: hilltop house engulfed in a cloud all day! Thx for pulling through, St. John 
Santa must LOVE me
If there had been a real fire tonight, everyone in my building (including me) would be burned to a crisp right now because apparently a fire alarm isn't enough to lure us from our dens.
wishes the weekend would never end =)
Waiting for a batch of homemade peppermint bark to set in the fridge to help ring in the New Year! Suck it, Williams Sonoma, with your exorbitant prices!
wouldn't mind if a Philly, NYC, or Boston friend posted pics of the snowy city to FB! C'mon, give a girl a white Christmas =)
Kea: For the love of God, I am begging you to return those heinous Brooks Brothers shirts. *PROPNAME*: Well your face is heinous. And I don't ask you to return THAT. (Just another morning's playful banter between someone studying for Step 1 and someone fighting off an awful cold...)
Finally caved and saw Avatar. As I suspected, real life now looks bland and 2-D. =//
just canceled out the vote of an obnoxious, be-cashmere-scarved prettyman chanting "*PROPNAME*, hare krishna, *PROPNAME*" in the middle of Starbucks. Health care for all!
Here's hoping the House and Senate can reach some sort of agreement...
Almost just passed out in the library trying to test my Valsalva//baroreceptor//HR reflex. And no, my reflex is NOT intact, thankyouforasking. Frick!
is officially more than halfway done studying for Step 1. Yikos.
just completed her night cheese 
would rather be potting. Even after 10 hours in the studio this weekend...
s library nemesis has answered her pine nut brittle with chips, a paper lunch bag, and a thinly-veiled apology for his "snack attack." Touché, library nemesis, touché.
just found a blue rubber band in her pork wonton.
Really, USMLE World? You really want me to know which growth factor receptors have intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity, and which ones need JAK//STAT for signal transduction? I poop on you.
I hate to disappoint you, but my rubber lips are immune to your charms.
1. Kea: a) one who has an excessive amount of cool b) a verb showing that someone is doing something sick c) a person filled with self-loathing for actually following this FB fad
Meh.
Ok, *PROPNAME*. You only get to name ONE disease with a name that ridiculous. Come on!
can't decide if it's good or bad that med students score worse than a monkey randomly choosing an answer for some of these USMLE questions...
just typed "loves 30 Rock so much it hurts sometimes" into the FB search box. I think I'm hemorrhaging brain cells at this point.
Had a dream last night that I defied the laws of the space-time continuum. Isn't that like the holy grail of dreams?
Who dat?!
Seriously going insane. Actually wishing I could move up my date to spare myself the psychological nightmare of last-minute USMLE studying.
thinks one of her library nemeses is trying her own emergency tactic on her, namely, faking a horrendous cough to drive others away. Oh, it's ON, bitch!
caved.#SEPARATOR#just finished watching terminator about to watch Dance Flick :)
got stuck writing my book, listening to staind & Muse lost track of thee Bloody Time! now im stuck in my own little world i have created!
The wise speak only of what they know.” ~ J.R.R TOLKEIN
is planning to go to the snow on ash's holidays :)
is going to write some more of my book!
just finished watching 10'000 BC now heading to bed hopefully ill feel better 2morrow :)
):
is making homemade mini quiches for *PROPNAME*!!!
i want a pygmy marmoset
finally *PROPNAME* is asleep im not well at all ):
me and wato's are on the jimmy not gettin very far!!! lmao hella goooooooddddd!!!
is finally off to bed...so tired!!!
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born
Finally got the net back on!!!! BUTTT left my camera with my funky pics from the w//e in Bendi ): owell!
im going to play mahjong :)
up early, i finally had a good nights sleep :) all refreshed for today!
cant sleep but im so tired
Real women are not perfect, Perfect women are not Real!!!
"look not from the mind, but from the soul. For the life that is coming is already before us, waiting to open up the world. just look more closely. find the eyes to see."
it was such a beautiful sunny day and now its raining!!!
back in bendigo and starting my detox...FUN FUN!!!
In the night garden is not 4 kids!Upsydaisy & igglepiggle kissin in the pinkyponk,tombliboos always strippin,pontipines have 8 kids & maccapacca has OCD!
amber decided it would be fun to steal an egg and smash it on the carpet ):
is still sick and missing ash already!
is off to bed!!! so tired
Lovin keyshia coles new song TRUST!!!
Aristotle wasc right when he said - to perceive is to suffer!
is *PROPNAME* :) <3
is ready for bigger and better things!!!
i seen a cauliflower @ the Crown!!!
might head off to melb tonight!!! gotta get out of bendiGAYYYY
the weather is horrid for a saturday but i suppose we need the rain!
need to find a house in melb want to move b4 christmas!
is finally ready to sleep got doc appointment 2morrow or shall i say 2day!
is heading to bed not feeling 100% tonight! nye nye's every1 xo
and amber are gettin out groove on!!! lol
is about to start reading my new book~library of the dead by glenn cooper seems very interesting :)
has decided to quit smoking, havnt had one in 2 days!!
having a nice hot mug of ginger and lemon tea
YAY *PROPNAME* is fast asleep already!!! that's wat happens wen tarnisha puts toys in her cot wen they are supposed to be sleeping!
had a gud nite!!! might go to melb later, feel like a train adventure!
Just watched the new Harry Potter :) now heading to bed!!!
*PROPNAME* decided it would be good fun to spill noodles all over her and all over the floor!
Cant wait till *PROPNAME*'s party this Sat :)
cant sleep and looking for some inspiration but yet im so tired, i need to finish this chapter! im gonna regret this later today!
YAY!!! my house is finally looking normal again
cant find my phone Grrrrr i think i left it @ mum's ):
*PROPNAME* is being so naughty today!
just got my labret re-peirced
up nice and early....heading to melb soon, *PROPNAME* is coming today WOOHOOO!!!
Off to Gold coast this weekend WOOHOO!!!
my sketch is getting done and im off to get my first tatt next monday wooo hoo
just got back to the hotel for dinner then hitting the gym,pool & spa!!!
Ginger & Lemon tea works wonders lol
and *PROPNAME* are ROCKIN it out!!! lol
Courage is found in unlikely places.
Hmmmmm what can i do tonight???
is off to bed nite all!!!
LMAO ROX!!!
has just finished my first cup of tea hmmm what can i do today?!!
Damn you's a sexy bitch DAMN GIRL!!!
is making singapore curry for dinner with coconut and saltana rice
did some christmas deco shopping and got amber a singing elmo stocking....i so wish i didnt do that now hahaha
cant sleep...gonna write some more of my book!!!
wants to plan a kid city day for the little ones next month who is interested???
i really hate spiders just found a heap of massive black ones on the outside of the house i mean MASSIVE :(
and ash have been outside cleaning the yard and making a rabbit hut for amber :)
ash will be home soon :) yay his dinner is waiting for him
is having a bad day why am i so Agro...i think the moon is taking its affect on me already!!!
And *PROPNAME* are rocking it out to Aaliyah
+ Being able to relate to or think about the unknown is half the battle of expanding your spiritual beliefs. Having the opportunity to experience it personally is the other half. - *PROPNAME*
is having a movie night with my man!!! :)
I AM A HUMAN NOT A SANDWICH!!!
is stuck on MEDIUM!!!! :)
is fricken hot!!!
is headin to bed in a min, im so tired tonight! wonder what tomorrow brings :)
off to bed so tired and i cant wait till tomorrow HAPPY BIRTHDAY Ash i love you so so much! xoxoxo
i get my new bedroom setting on monday YAY!
its friggin hot and it will be like this till moday arrrggghhh so sleepin in the loungeroom 2nite!
amber likes Beyonce its funny, everytime i put one of her songs she starts dancing like crazy and singing
cant wait to see new moon & 2012 im counting down the days hahaha
want to invest in a pool hmmmm hate public pools yuk
is going to see 2012 tonight woo hoo!!! been waiting to see this, it would be interesting to see if nostradamus predictions come true in 2012!!!
Free your mind, Freen your thought, think outside the box, we have to restore balance in the world or we will cease to exist come on think about what is really going on in the world can we afford to be so selfish!!!
cant wait till MAGICK HAPPENS!!! taking ash and my little girl with me!!! anyways off to bed to dream my night away :) nite all FB friends! sweet dreams
it has been a very interesting day so far.....havin a ball!!!!! poor sandy nearly got hit by lightening
wants to watch Medium but left it in the car along with my phone *FRUSTRATION*
some people really get under my skin, i love intellegence at the same time have a low tolerance for stupidity, on the upside i got myself some new books and remedies to test!!!
wants ash to get his butt out of bed so we can go and do something!!!
Mehhh.....................WHY????!
“I do not love the bright sword for it's sharpness, nor the arrow for it's swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend” Tolkein (lord of the rings)
this is the best morning ive had in such a long time! im loving it!
WHERE THE HELL IS DANI WATSON???? i need my purse back i have to go grocery shopping GRRRRRRrrrrrr
is having a games night with the girls if anyone is interested in joining???
and *PROPNAME* wants to go to the Beach!!!
YAY its Friday!!! hopefully Wattys gets her butt in town 2day! :)
gonna play mahjong
is back!!! *PROPNAME* will not sleep, teething :(
got booze all i need now is a drinkin buddy
is havin a drink with ash, jaz and tiggs :)
cannot believe some people!!! you do nice things for someone and they take you for granted! well this is the last straw for me NO MORE will i help this person!
just a question to all off my friends!!! do you think that a REAL INDIGO would be racist???? i thought we were here to help others not put them into a catagory where we critisize people over something they have no control over i find this quite disturbing
misses Ash heaps xoxo
is having a drink jazza and tiggs :)
YAY booked in for family portraits :)
Pass The Courvoisier
didnt even realise Bendigo cup was on 2morrow hahaha need to get updated with the times :) anyways got portraits today and they were absolutly fantastic!!! hmmm what can i do 2morrow, got alot of housework to catch up on which sucks bigtime :( its never ending!
i want a beverage!!!! hurry up people! lol
ash is really pissing me off right about now GRRRrrrrr
had a great day shopping got some new dresses and amber new clothes havin a beer and chillaxin now
just dropped the boyz off at the Airport...Hennessey here we come! CRUNK JUICE :) LOL
just made the best citrus cous cous salad for tea with pumpkin and potato croquettes yumm
hmmm ash is cooking dinner tonight but the question is when??? lol
so so confused!!! cant wait till the girls get here :)
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.” Tolkein (lord of the rings)
had CLOGS for tea was soooo goood! now havin a beer :)
had a really great day at nan howarth's with the whole family yesterday :) now off to nanna and poppi khoo's today YAY :)
rockin out to paramore===
is hell tired so im heading to bed! nite all xo peace
ash is a freakkkkkkk!
shots of petrone!!!! da da daa da da da daaa da shot shot shot shots
waitin for wato's 2 get here!!! she is takin her sweet time! lol
Getting my tattoo drawn up today! so excited, mite get a peircing while im out and about!
listening to Alicia Keys new album....so far i like:) its AWESOME!
i karate chopped a homeless guy at the dinner table because im a ninja!!!
thinks karma is an amazing thing!!!
BLAAHHHHh what a crappy morning!!!
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
made my first batch of peppermint foot scrub and it works wonders!!! love it!
is having pepper steak with baby honey carrots, steamed zuccini, brocolini, eggplant and baby potato's with red wine gravy soooo gooood!!!
having a beer and listening to tunes still pretty bored hey
º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„Pass It On º¤ø
loving my new book!!! i recomend "The house of night" series to everyone!!!
9 inches :(
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under your status
misses the the sound of the wind's voice and the whispering of the tree's
The key to realizing a dream is to focus not on success but significance - and then even the small steps and little victories along your path will take on greater meaning.
is bloody tired!!! taking *PROPNAME* to the beach tomorrow :) i even brought her a bucket with spades lol
just stay true to you!
just got back from the market and YES once again i brought candles!
off to wedderburn today going to celebrate halloween for the weekend YAY!!!
How many really know what love is? Millions never will Do you know until you lose it That it's everything that we are looking for When I wake up in the morning You're beside me I'm so thankful that I found Everything that I been looking for
just finished my house duties now going to have a cuppa and chill back with my little girl
cheers to the freakin weekend!
If I wear makeup, I'm fake. If I like to get dressed up, I'm a Tart. If I say what i think, I'm a bitch. If I cry sometimes, I'm a drama queen. If I have guy friends, I'm a slut. If I stand up for myself, I'm mouthy. Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled.. So what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit. Repost this if your proud of who you are! x x
i couldnt ask for a better support system
off to work i go!!!
me myself and i!
wants to move to Daylesford!!!!
heading home in a minute then off to look at bikes for bee's birthday in the morning!
in times that are tough you really learn something new about yoursrlf, your life, the path your taking and the people around you. im happy for this and my life is great at this very moment i dont want it to change anything.  this is a new chapter!!!
i came to win to fight to conquor to thrive, i came to win to survive to prosper i came to FLY
regret letoya feat ludacris perfect song
*PROPNAME* doo-wops & hooligans <3
off to do some hardcore shoppimg for bee's
had a good day out, met family from mauritius i didnt know i had, brought amber nearly an entire new wardrobe, bike and other goodies!!!
Meditation time!!!!
off to mansfield again!!!
is off to read my book
is beyond caring i came back here to be happy and live the way i want to live.... my life is in my own hands you cant determine whats gonna make me happy and at peace only i can do that! i dont need anyone as long as i believe in myself!!!
pineapple
going out for dinner tonight at the Deck mansfield cannot wait!
is cooking home made chilli, lime and corriander burgers yummm feel like a beer and some poker just no-one to play it with :(
off to work soon so cbf!
so tired cant wait to get home to see my baby girl!#SEPARATOR#I was never a huge Michael Jackson fan, but for some reason I can't stop thinking about how sad I am that he passed away...  I can't believe it.
mad river & uncle Fatty's tnite, Rockit tmrw, Spain next week!!!! :D
The world seems a lot different without one of your closest friends... unbelievable!  He was awesome.#SEPARATOR#is up and down in the WSOP cash games... and he just finished reading Brave New World by *PROPNAME* & Death by Black Hole by *PROPNAME*.  Both books were good.
is playing the main event today, day 1B
Out of the Main Event... my 11k didn't make it far into Day 2.  I've been playing cash games non-stop for the last two days though.  Probably going to play again today... Now that I'm out, planning to come to *PROPNAME*'s wedding
read *PROPNAME*'s "Check Raising the Devil" in one sitting and enjoyed it.  An honest look into his life, and glimpse into the sometimes fun and sometimes dark side of vegas & gambling.  Also watching "The Universe" DVD set still... it's amazing.  If you lik
has left the country.  Enough poker at the WSOP, time to travel around a bit!
is back in vegas, ready to win the main event! ... not really b//c i'm never going to win a tournament.  hopefully I can take down a few $$$ anyways =)
has started doing Hot Yoga, and really enjoys it.  I think I'll make it a habit!
back from vid's wedding.. it was a blast!  Congratulations to them both.  I am ready for some more high stakes gambling in Las Vegas.  One time!
is leaving Manila in a few hours for Nice, France...
is a little sick of poker... been playing Fallout 3 a lot last few days instead of poker all day... =)
is chillin in Boracay at the Shangri-La.  This place is beautiful!  I just got out of farm country in the Philippines, and got massacred by mosquitoes.  Need a few days of sun and relaxation to recover.  =)
is playing the FTOPS main event in his hotel in Nice... trying to stay patient tho i'm tired from a day of travelling and just want to sleep.  Tomorrow I go for a week on a yacht... more R&R + fun people + a whole lotta gambling... sounds like a slice of heaven.
is posting this from 30,000 feet above the surface of the earth, somewhere over nebraska in an airplane.  Wow, what an amazing world we live in!
wow... so many cool stories... boats r fun I'm now in Cannes for the tournament coming up in a couple days.  ... getting a little homesick, been gone almost 2 months
did full-fledged bikram for the first time (a 90-minute class as opposed to the 60 minute classes i had already done)... and it was hard!  Damn, I feel great now though =)
is thinking maybe he needs to go visit peeps at some point in Cali now that he's single and has no excuse not to.  Holla San Francisco & San Diego =)   ... Just gonna add that to my ToDo List here... get around to that at some point... (wow im hopeless)
has a big bet on the WSOP final table... I bet on *PROPNAME* to win vs *PROPNAME* to win against *PROPNAME*.  Any other winners is a tie. I figure *PROPNAME* is about 3:1 & *PROPNAME* is about 7.5:1 I loooove my bet right now (no odds!)  I wanted to book more action last night vs *PROPNAME* when I saw him at the Bellagio, but he doesn't like his side anymore.  Ship the EV kidd!!!!!
feels like doing things is hard.
wow - i just played COD4MW2 all night with 3 buddies... I felt like I was back in college
thanks to my mom for an amazing feast... I just crashed out afterwards and caught up on 15 hours of sleep.  Now I'm up early in Poway and ready to go!  Who's out there???
15k at bellagio today... off to the races
just went paintballing in SD... always a great time!  The bruises go away after a few days, but the memories of capping your friends last a lifetime.
Thanks to the beauty of anythingyouwantdelivery.com ... I have CallOfDuty4MW2 on the way right to my place right now, for just a small delivery charge (along with some Chipotle)... I've been hearing amazing things about it (best fps since Counterstrike)... and I might have to do a little gaming
what a night last night... my liver took one for the team
is on a mission in the gym.  My body is changing daily, and I feel and think better then I have in a while.  Exercise: the only healthy drug!
is currently reading Fooled by Randomness... Today I put my book down in the midst of a reverie at my airplane window and felt as if my brain were a  bad sieve, realizing that I was bound to forget most of the wonderful things I was reading... If only I could remember everything useful that I've learned and forgotten.
does not know anything about the destruction of any RVs outside of Las Vegas in the desert.
current favorite song: Chainside - I Would Die For You (Club Mix)
back in San Diego for xmas
is a relatively short stack going in to day 3 of the Bellagio 15k tourney... about to leave to go play now.
finished Fooled by Randomness... it's an excellent book that I would recommend to anyone.  I'm now 80 pages into Chaos by *PROPNAME* and am enjoying it.  Go reading!
thinks Backgammon is fun!!
is up a little too early in the morning (9:30AM)... and doesn't know what to do with himself.  I think I'm going to get some quality reading time with Chaos (*PROPNAME*)... btw there is a scale for the quality of your reading (how focused//distracted//tired, etc...), and right now i think my reading will be pretty solid
is stoked bc a big grocery store, a nice gym, and a pinkberry (best after workout carbs ever..) are all within 1 block of my penthouse in Ipanema.  Not to mention the beach is a few blocks away.  I am about to go to all those places and then the beach... I'm in heaven
What a beautiful life... my family, my friends... amazing. If I could have one "genie in the bottle" wish, not including any kind of life extension, I think I would take perfect knowledge.  i.e., complete knowledge of everything already known and possibly knowable to the human mind (excluding future events)
taking care of last minute business... because tomorrow I'm going to Brazil =)
missed my connecting flight from atlanta to rio last night, i now have to spend 24 hours in atlanta to catch the same flight later today.  it's under freezing here, and i have no long-sleeve tops and a single pair of jeans.  Hello hotel room!  Time for movies!  I think I might be coming down with a cold too... wow, I hope it's a quick one that just goes away.
is finally in Brazil after 2 whole days of travelling
just rolled out of bed, not sure what the plan for the day is yet.  but who really cares?  i'm just happy to be going along for the ride
wow I enjoy watching good movies... just watched "House of Sand & Fog", an older movie... excellent.  Emotionally very powerful. And Avatar in 3d on IMAX like a week ago, also excellent but for many different reasons. It is fine with me for a movie to excite your imagination instead of your emotions.
back in Vegas... time to make Victory Poker a reality
I think I just spent about 45 hours in the last week playing a video game.  Mass Effect 2 was awesome, but I am glad to have my life back.  Still hitting the gym hard.
wow, I got d-r-u-n-k last night... hangover in full effect.  mike gets in today, and I think we are all going to the lake.  I might actually get a little sun... don't worry I'll have sunscreen =)
wow... mass effect 2 just arrived.  //life#SEPARATOR#Scifi Club meeting at Mai's tonight (7th St. and 2nd Ave., East Village) @ 8pm!!! Please send back if you can be there so we can get an idea of how many people will be there (in case we need a reservation).#SEPARATOR#back to reality
Some phone no. from San Ramon called and I was excited to answer as I thought it was the school district, only to hear that they were looking for a *PROPNAME*. Boo :// ...*PROPNAME*
working on a few art projects 
takes a hike.
*crossing fingers*
will try my hands at sushi makin' :p
No matter what, you've got to strut
wants to practice her markswoman skills. Wonders if there are any archery classes in this neck of the woods ...      D------ -
Dad tells me that he listens to "Gin and Juice" on his way to work sometimes. I lol'd
...98.1 Golden Oldies 
is happy Southwest found her luggage today!
Dirt Divas championships, then off to Denver!
Someone give Lady Gaga a bandaid!!!
"Baby I've got you on my mind..." O_<
When one door closes, another one opens...
is no longer at *PROPNAME*.
Can't wait for Casablanca theme night!!
Walgreens all out of the flu vaccine...Plan B...vitamins(?)
Guy in a "peace-sign" truck tailgates then cuts me off on the freeway. Some act of kindness a-hole.
Student: Can I turn this assignment in late and still get full credit? Ms. T: Nope. Student: I'll give you an apple? Ms. T: Too cliche. Student: ..How 'bout a pineapple?
is really excited about arranging and decorating the classroom today :p
the classroom didn't feel like a sauna or smell like sweaty sock-house today. Whoohooo!
dreaming in color
needs to fight off this cold o_O
is drinking ice tea by the pool ... like a boss
About to use my new alarm clock that projects time on the ceiling 
Brother says I look like a Russian spy right now. lol!
Feels like punching something. What should it be?
I'm just sippin on chamomile...
hopes it will snow in Concord again this week. That was the highlight of the day for sure!
doesn't like it when things don't go according to plan, but is grateful for her ability to improvise :p
Visiting mah' parents...ready to play Beatles Rockband with muh' brothas. haha
Fun time with BG at "Nightlife" Academy of Science. Drinking some wine, gazing at stars, observing an albino alligator, and dancing to some bongo-beats! Craazy mix
Congratulations to *PROPNAME*, 2009 Graduate! Whoohooo! Keep reachin' for the stars broder :D
getting organized
Good deal on my New Years 'fit and my first good pair of 4 inch pumps! Lets see if I survive the night...haha
wants an ice cold beer!!
Going to the golfing range with Papa-Diddy Pops :)
just as I remembered...rockclimbing is the shizz! Now I'm amp'd for the work week. 
s feeling good :)
"But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things."
Get up and get out
"Forever young, I wanna be, forever young..."
looking forward.#SEPARATOR#The world lost a great one!!!! We will never forget!!! RIP and party hard with Elvis and James Brown!!!!
*PROPNAME* est en feu!!!!! Je me demande c'est qui le prochain sur la liste..... Mais il y a toujours un gros problème.... Le centre #1 C'est qui au juste????? Pis c'est qui le nouveau gardien d'expérience pour seconder *PROPNAME*????
Oh my god!!!! THE AE86 is coming back!!! Fusion subaru//toyota sick!!!!
My foot is killing me but what a nice ride!!!!!
LE RETOUR DU ''CENTRE MOLSON''!!! On commence à savoir ou on s'en va!
And there goes another one!!!!
9//11 I still remember what I was doing, doying a delivery at Place *PROPNAME*!!!1
going to see my new school tomorrow if everything goes well!!!
is this how it's going to be? For real.....
It was actually summer today! Cool!
Samedi soir et on se croirais Lundi tellement que c'est plate!!!!!
J'ai le pied en feu! Bottle training Level 1 & 2 complete.... Now: LEVEL 3 :(
New job, New opportunities and also a new training coming soon!!!!
Last days of freedom them back to where I left off...
Dernier 72 hrs de gâterie et on commence le ''vrai training'' J'ai déjà mal! lol
SELF ESTEEM: Far too many people have no idea what they can do 'cause all they have been told is what they can't do!
En train de faire son choix de cours pour l'école... tant de programme et de possibilité, c'est vraiment pas cool ça!!!!
Je pense que je suis en amour... avec une 370Z! J'en veux une!!!!
We're back online people!!
"Those         who say it cannot be done should not interfere with those of us who are doing         it"© -             *PROPNAME*
Start slow.. Step by step.. Do what you can and the results will follow -*PROPNAME*.
L'été est fini.... et je commençais à me faire du fun!!!!
24 hrs de congé, ça fais du bien quand même!!!!
Il y a tu quelqu'un qui peut m'expliquer c'étais supposé être quoi ce soir la game CALISLE DE TABARNAK!!!! C'EST LE CRISS DE PROBLÈME, ILS VEULENT TU QUE JE DÉBARQUE LA AVEC MES CAP D'ACIER QUE J'AILLE FOUTRE UNE COUPLE DE COUP DE PIED DANS LE CUL!!!! VOUS VOULEZ PAS JOUER PIS PATINER À SOIR, J'ESPÈRE QUE VOUS ALLER ÊTRE ENFORME POUR LA PRATIQUE....
OH HELL YEAH 205.6lbs!!!!! 5lbs et j'ai atteint mon objectif!!!!
2 jours encore et fini le training à la place dupuis!
According to ancient budhist priest, when the student is ready, the teacher will appear (Being *PROPNAME*)
What the fuck! Pas de dossier criminelle pour ne pas nuire à sa carrière aux État-Unis!!! Wow bravo la justice.... Encore un autre trou de cul qui s'en sort les mains clean pour ce qu'il a fait!!! En passant, *PROPNAME*, bonne carrière aux States!!!!
Le CH qui bat Washington.....  Une chance qu'OVI était pas dedans car il dominait la zone offensive complèment!
Last shift then WEEKEND!!!!!!!
La pire Grey cup que j'ai vu à date!!!
Google WAVE IS THE SHIT!!!! just started looking threw it and I want now more then ever a Blackberry!!!
WOW méchant accident à la job, un char de police qui passe à travers une porte de métro!!!! Mourant!!!
Nouveau contrat en fonction lundi: Controlleur Place Dupuis! Ya baby!!!
Training Feels good! 208.4lbs less then 10lbs and I've reach my weight goal! Nice!!!
And the bomb is out: KOVI IS A SENS NOW!!!!!!! OH MY GOD!!!! I'LL MISS MAN!
Oh WHAT!!!!! LATENDRESSE EST ÉCHANGÉ AUX WILD!!!!!!
Bergeron qui  nous fais un Fosberg!!!! Débile
Pourquoi il pleut chaque fois que je sort mes blades!!!!!!!
Schumi is back next year with Mercedes-Benz!!!!!!! SICKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
The Wings tonight and they're on a bad beat!!! Better not choke, we're on a momemtum!
What's going to happen this week-end?
IL neige..... pas déjà!
Ma résolution de 2010: ADOPTER UN MEILLEUR STYLE DE VIE! J'pense que ça à de l'allure comme résolution... qu'en penser vous?
It is the will of the leader to lead, not to follow! He must not guess what he must do, he must ''Know''
less then 24 hrs and it's christmas!!! I can finally unwrap my gift!
They may want to take *PROPNAME* out of Christmas, but they can never take *PROPNAME* out of me. If you are proud to be a Christian and are not ashamed of *PROPNAME* then post this as your status for 1 day as a light to the world. Most people will be to ashamed or scared to do this. This was posted by a friend. If you agree, cut and paste to your wal
Pas de mauvaise nouvelle pour l'instant! Je présume donc que c'est une bonne chose!
Encore un autre incident dans le hockey qui salit laréputation, j'pense que je vais commencer à m'intéresser au hockey olympique à la place étant donné qu'il a plus de respect dans le hockey professionnel
La grande question maintenant.... Est-ce que le CH est une meilleure équipe sans *PROPNAME*.... Le 1er test d'une longue série: Samedi VS Les Rangers...
6-0 les gars était enragé!!! Fais du bien voir ça des fois!
Pas pire, rendez-vous pour un orthopédiste, 2 semaines nice! J'm'attendais à attendre l'année du rat! lol
WHAT!!!!! PHANEUF ET GIGUÈRE AVEC LES LEAFS!!!!
Et un autre de partie..... Juste une question qui me trotte, on joue avec une équipe incomplète maintenant, on est supposé faire quoi là?
*PROPNAME*, t'es une belle ordure!!!! Selon moi, t'as sanction.... T'ES BANI DE LA  LHJMQ!!!! Tu mérite juste ça toi pis les autres estie de cave de ton genre!!!!!!! Merci de salir l'image du hockey sur la scène nationale mais aussi internationale!
SUPER BOWL!!!! SUPER BOWL!!!!! SUPER BOWL!!!!!!
Une autre semaine qui recommence!!!#SEPARATOR#....YAWN....
Yay no black eye. Boo no fencing tomorrow night.
Yawn.
is attempting to clean her apartment...
Doesn't like her schedule changing so often.
had an absolutely marvelous 4th anniversary yesterday....
can't sleep...dang those hyper little elves running around in my brain.
needs to start cleaning and packing again. Boo.
...will make a better attempt at cleaning tomorrow.
Cleaning and Packing. For real this time...
had a good weekend. :-)
Woo!
thinks that it shouldn't take 4 phone calls to find out if you are picking up something for dinner or not.
Thanks for all of the Birthday wishes, I had a great day!
was bitten today. By an evil little Dachshund.
needs to add water to the fishtanks...
Cleaning....mostly. Sort of. Things are actually getting done, I'm just not sure what!
has a stuffy nose. blargh.
is packing!
Woo! *PROPNAME* gets back from New Mexico today! (Well, tonight)
Approx  2 weeks until new apartment...and I don't have a single thing packed!
doobee doobee doo, wait'n on the doctor...
needs the internetz at her new house...
is watching movies.
dislikes packing.
is angry at her belly. Even though it no longer has staples in it.
will be going home today!
yay no more hospital!
is sitting in Barnes and Noble :-) Yay Free WiFi!
...my parents are re-confirming that they are totally nutso... :-)
has no idea...
has a new kitten! Pictures eventually, I promise!
has finished Season 2 of Stargate SG-1!
hopes that everyone had a Merry Christmas!
WOOO! Blue Moon New Year's Eve!
---No man will be lamented more, with less reason, than a popular celebrity.
thinks that she's allowed to have foooooooood today!
wishes that Facebook would trash the RIGHT things when they decide to go and clean house...
is on day 2 of hospitalization. Appendiectomy is not fun. Boo vestigial organs.#SEPARATOR#Me + Exams = Epic Phail ~.~
*begins chanting in an unknown language with warcraft music playing in the background*
Is gonna get his own laptop soon (tomorrow) >.> Finally... after all these years... waiting... for my revenge!! (on the online world that is) :O
After spending time on watching Code Geass instead of doing my PW... I realised... that is was soooo worth it... Best Anime Show Ever... Fuck The Ending... ugh...
ITS OVER 9000!!!@#$%^&!! :D
Believes that life is like the open sea, and truth is the wind in our sails. (no wonder I'm not moving)
I suck!
Just experienced water rationing. It was fun. It's what happens when construction workers screw up and break the water pipe for your block... LOL (no water the whole day today and tomorrow) :o
Just had an awesome Friday. Like, Seriously... haha
SongRocxzxzxzxzzx
I have to run, run to the moment that set me free. I need to know why I hear the sound... the sound of my dream -
Nothing comes to my mind...
Realised that he is actually a Virgo... lol
There is no emotion
Thanks to some random person in my class having H1N1, my exams have been postponed for like... A ENTIRE WEEK!!! So now... Back to Warcraft... and imma panic later XD
Needs to wake up...
needs to change...
is now even less likely to study because fortune teller genius told him that he didn't have to >.>
Loves the rain, it makes him feel better for some reason... good bye suicidal thoughts, hello happy ones ^^ MOAR RAIN PLZ!!!!! D:
Needs to stop consumption of harmful substances ... but can't D:
Thanks everyone, for the birthday wishes, appreciate it (:
wants the world to hurry up and end already.....
Reflecting upon an entire week of school break: - Good News - I cleaned my room! - Bad News   - That was about the only beneficial thing I did the entire week..... Conclusion: I'm sooooo screwed..... >_>
He who has not found something which he would die for has no right to live.
After 3 hours of online reading and research, I have diagnosed myself to have a type of Red-Green colour deficiency, under Anomalous Trichomy, called Deuteranomaly.  LIFE SUCKS! ...
So many words and faces... So many different voices... Where do they lead...
I love chaos, for most are consumed by it, blind to its hidden beauty, allowing me excludibility to revel at its magnificence.
I officially have got nothing to do ... at all... like... seriously...
Weak hearts faint, When troubles rises. Brave hearts soars, Steals all the prizes. False heart, it shrinks small in peace. And finds in fear, no sucrease.
It has been confirmed... I'm going to poly! >=D Now... to find a job while I wait... >.>
The americans have forgotten that they were once terrorists to the british ~
Can't believe he overslept today... of all days... ~.~ The Day of Reckoning is at hand! XD
never thought that he would see the day where he would wish for failure.
The world is so desperate nowadays that the promise for peace can win a man a Nobel Prize. Let's hope that he keeps his word.
I need to get a shirt that says, "I don't speak Chinese!" ... Like... seriously... ._.
needz moar!
Trust should only be given to those who truly understand its value.
Let's see... we've had typhoons in pacific asia, and now heavy flooding in the UK, bushfires in Australia, Landslides in Turkey, Volcano Eruption in Colombia, New mutation of H1N1 that's resistant to tamiflu, and a whole lot of violent human related killings, while here in Singapore we complain about water reaching our ankles... WTF?!
When you start debating to yourself on the mechanisms of magic, you also subconciously debate as to the strength of your hold on reality. Conclusion: Fantasy is addictive. O,O
No sense makes nonsense, but nonsense makes sense. So what then is nonsense, in a world without sense? O.o
It's amazing how easily you can find aunties that speak both Malay & Chinese but not english...
Me, myself, and my computer. Deja vu
had a - has a fever. Got stuck in a jam at orchard road. After the jam, bus broke down. While waiting at a new bus stop, two busses drove by without stopping. Ended up taking four hours to get home. God is Evil.
is finally on a Role Playing World of Warcraft Server! All aboard the Fantasy train! >=D
No more TV mobile Next year... I am sad... D:
"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked. "Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad." "How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice. "You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."
Women speak because they wish to speak, whereas a man speaks only when driven to speech by something outside himself -- like, for instance, when he can't find any clean socks...
Watched Inglorius Basterds on Blu-Ray followed by Avatar in 3D and is feeling soooo Epic. Dayum.
New philosophy for 2010: If it makes you feel good, then I say do it.
WoW Patch 3.3 is out... It's titled, "Fall of the Lich King" ... WHY MUST ARTHAS DIE?! OH GOD WHY?! T-T ((Then again... Yay for Justice! ^^))
is cutting his hair bald -
A break from the norm in the wake of this storm is the strange sound of silence as I wait to be born
Well, according to my parents, when I was like 6, everytime my sister tried to call me 'abang', I'd shout at her and say, "Brother!! Not abang!!" At least now I know why I never got anywhere with malay >.>
There was a staff meeting earlier today... When everyone was gathered, attention focused on the manager, I heard the Godfather soundtrack start to play over the speakers... just before the manager started speaking... Coincidence? I THINK NOT! >.>
I made an oopsie :>
There's this guy at my workplace who only speaks chinese. We communicate through hand signals and inferrence on my part. At first, I just thought that he was really friendly, brotherly love and all that. Then when the aunties saw him smiling at me, then told me in english, "He's Gay." Now I'm scared O_O
Something Wicked This Way Comes... ... o.o
Quote of the day: "Sex is a weapon the girls use to defeat us!" - Random Primary school boys who were sitting behind me on a bus... lol
Is sooo screwed for his promos..... Good Bye JC Life... ~.~
I have got loads of naturally white hair, am easily fatigued, suffer from the occasional backache, and am now growing a nice round tummy, apparently. I'm getting too old for this...#SEPARATOR#Its way to early on a Saturday to be heading to work...
relaxing at Chapel Ridge Pool...call me if you would like to join. 252-646-3927!
doesn't know what to do now...
had a bad day...
And I won't be far from where you are if ever you should call, You meant more to me than anyone I ever loved at all
moving day...
really f-in upset...
is gonna be alright, but tonight is not the night...
some asshole side-swided my car...
beach!!!
off to work!!
IN MHC!!!
hoping that tomorrow will be better than today...
MHC for Seafood Festival!! Time for some good music, good food, and great friends!
had an amazing weekend, but now it is time to get some work done!
today just got so much better!
got the job!!!
I am so jealous of everyone that is already of Thanksgiving break...
I'll take it...
finally gets to go home tomorrow!
work this morning then MHC bound!
interview @ Elon!!
interview at ECU#SEPARATOR#Was stuck between reality and a dream...unpleasant.
Let's go to Italia~~
Is going back to the homeland
"Oh my God dude, doing 5 tomorrow is going to feel like sex!" --*PROPNAME*
Asleep with open eyes.
The love of my life: repeat 800s on a sunny day.
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." --Buddha
Driving to nowhere. Accompanied only by the pitter-patters of rain on my windshield.
"We Americans think you have to accomplish everything quickly. We're the country of thirty-minute lunches and two-minute football drill...[we need to] slow down and make building relationships as important as building projects."  --*PROPNAME*
I declare myself a mercenary. Have a job? I'll get it done.
...wow...
Is back
38 miles last week, more this week, lifting despite the soar screeches on my muscles. My body hates me right now...
It might be time for one last great adventure, a minimum 13 hour plane ride away.
My cat squeaks when he stretches.
Feeling Hypnotized.
There's just something about those cold winter nights.
Born three times.
This year, and especially fall has definitely established a theme for itself. Seriously Higher Being, watching a dark comedy may be fun for you, but I can assure you that living it is an entirely opposite experience.
Goals for the next 11 months: (1) Rock the fuck out of the LSAT (2) Run under 3 in the marathon (3) Get into a baller law school (4) Buy a BMW Z4 (5) Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia anyone???
Just ran 18 miles....
My new philosophy: study and get ripped. Fuck everything and everyone else.
Marathon in a few days O_O.
Thanks for the support guys! We did it.
"Sit back and curiously observe the ride. You're not going to enjoy it, but it is going to take you somewhere." --Me under the inspiration of some lost muse.
Long long long day
Going running down a trail of bright oranges and yellows.
Pop Rocks are the shit.
Yay for adventures.
A little tanner, great times, and now very current on hip-hop.
Thanks for all the birthday love everyone!
Had a ridiculous time in Holland with his boys *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Now he needs some shoes, some finances and a hike up the highest mountain in Poland.
Is in Holland baby!
Real Talk.
Found a feather sticking out of his Wendy's chicken nugget....at least now we know it's made from a bird right?
I guess there's still some hope. A stranger helped me out today.
Saw a shooting star on number seven of eight 800s.
In a cafe...again, doin what I always do.#SEPARATOR#is taking a nap and dreamin of *PROPNAME*
is going on a road trip to CO! wish me luck
is looking for someone to watch a movie with...possibly *PROPNAME*?
is going to have rocky mountain dreams
wants the "22kt gold star trek commander Spock card" in the ad to my right.
is very angry that she cant figure out how to get pictures up of my super awesome colorado trip
wants to escape
is wondering if anyone from the burbs is going down to u of i this weekend? party before the youngins start class?
hates being sick... wheres my miracle cure? please send if you find it
is taking advantage of dollar pitchers at the public house... call to join me on this awesome deal
is desperately bored..entertain me please
went camping and canoeing for the weekend :)
is going to be a great SIU groupie
has a 2X2 bruise from falling at legends...largest i can remember ever having. ow
anyone doing anything earlier tonight? call me im lonely :)
can't believe shes not returning to the u of i
is loving that The Santa Clause with tim allen is on tv, great 90s classic
is wondering what everyones doing tonight.. and can i invite myself? lol
never thought helping with burning gift wedding cds would be so terribly difficult
woke up to the terrible olympic news :(
is so careful, i cant move
great weekend filled with tailgating, wine trails, and lots of laughs!
is bored in her own home... come and save me
is watching obama represent Chicago2016... fingers crossed for tomm afternoon!
tryed to buy a car at LISTED price and still couldnt... i dont understand the car industry
have to admit... zombieland was pretty good
just bought her first car, 2006 mazda3 only 15000 miles!!! kinda worrying that somehow somethings just gonna fall off of it, great price for a car that someone oviously never drove.
what are other sites to look for a job (other than the obvious monster and careerbuilder)........????
anyone have my gray wool coat? or remember the last time you saw it last night.... opps
loving the drunk messages i got tonight! hilerious.. love my friends
i have 8 invites to give out to Google Wave. write your email if your interested in being part of the first to get accounts!
left her purse on the train yesterday and it was given to the lost and found!! makes me still belive in the goodness of people.
would love a rainbow race right now! :(
can see the strike at u of i on the quad cam... first good use of this thing
U of I or Bust! call me if your in chambana please :)
i am uneligible for car insurance bc of the other people i live with... great
has a farmers tan
went into the shower with my new watch..oops
is excited for the best holiday of the year... Dranksgiving at the Dupage Inn. call to join the festivus
ballydoyles trivia tonight? call if your in!
finds it funny that the rule of the road change to survival in the snow storm
is wondering whats happening for the weekend
ballydoyle trivia tonight at 9 ish, call if your interested!
It's WAYBACK WEEK! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! Let's have fun and get everyone to do it. Copy and paste this to your status!
being sick is terrible
heading to the Paign for tomm night... better be ready
"beer bong for my lady?" what gentleman are on the wisconsin river
You want to play house you got to have a job. You want to play nice house, very sweet house, you got to have a job you don't like.#SEPARATOR#beach, beach, beach!!!!!! :]
:]]
aawww, i feel like shit.//
ahhh work is sooo slowww:[[[
haha, poor richie, richie, richie:]
:] ahhh, love it
workk sucks:[
let's just fucking rage and hit her in her face! HRA%#(HS
what a good day! ahh i'm so excited:]
another double shitf! oh joyyy:] can it just be 1am already?
is not a paitent person and finds this super annoying.
everythign but the rain :D
"don't trip, know i'll always be by your side. keep your chin up and smile. stay positive, it is what it is..oh my oh my, look on the bright side"
canteen grill then lazy dog cafe then maybe ucla? idk see you tonight bradley!!! :]]
HAPPPY HALLOWEEN!!!!!!!! time to celebrate
canteen then lazy dog then samba universal!!! :] go! go! go! go!
come visit me at work i'm sooo bored! ://
party's off guys,lake show and unborn#SEPARATOR#soooo busy at work!!!!
what a day...home sweet home!
the busy day continues... 
at Great America with over 100 kids......the madness?!?!??!#SEPARATOR#going to flordia tomorrow!!
On Vacation in Flordia For week!!
rotc
Schools coming so soon!
ROTC Camp
have to fin my homework
it my birthday today !! I'm finally 14!!
first day of high school!!
everyone come to the everyone come to the Chick-Fil-A on highway 29(by screenplay) !!!!and come to the car wash!!!!!!:):):):) our JROTC program is having a carwash come and get you car washed.
Orienteering  today
back  from the car wash it was tiring!!
i hate christmas music
Going to YEC with my church on monday
finally got back from my trip#SEPARATOR#how do you play poker?!
hahhhahaha
chicka boom boom
I need to find something meaningful to do
hello ochem, please love me
hrmm
wee xmas!
i want to sniff yur armpits!!! =o)
what school week is this?#SEPARATOR#is wondering how many people know that the United States' Independence Day is actually the day that they published the Declaration of Independence, not the day they signed it into law.
wishes that someone would ask her what she wanted to do for once, instead of having everyone just tell her what they want her to do. : //
is hoping this week will be better than the last.
I seriously wonder why her body decides now of all times to get sick.
is excited for the long weekend and the first football game of the season! Go State!!
is glad the week is pretty much half over.
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." -Einstein
it will be a long week....
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*, you will be missed...
is excited! I just bought tickets for the Izzone Reunion game.... going back to relive the good ol' days!
cannot express how glad she is that it is finally friday.
"MSU caught a wolverine. They hit it with a shovel and painted it GREEN!" Lol!
Whats with all this white stuff??
needs to just calm down, take things one step at a time and remember that its her life and nobody else's.
"I think we should give our new logo to U of M, it should probably be able to coach their football team better than RichRod." LOL... seriously
Going off to kick my own ass at the gym once more.... For better or worse, this type of masochism is highly addictive#SEPARATOR#I'm a facebook noob...
Has a fever of 102 :(
is going crazy from editing CSS files.
Aion, I think that might be my next MMO addiction...
If you can teach your parents computers, you can teach anyone.
Whats the point in re-directing downloads?
So much work, so little time...
Why does firefox crash at the most important times?!
Owl City - electronica, pop, alternative.  What a great combination. Plus, their album is actually good unlike half the songs on the radio.#SEPARATOR#Michael Jackson is dead! What is the world coming too!
is wondering if she is a bad mom since her kids are still up watching TV?
"This may be a dumb question to some, but is Jesus our Heavenly Brother or Heavenly Father?"
*PROPNAME* is a fool!
is up ready for another day...I really hate going to school!
Woo Hoo...Im Twenty-Two!!! (Lame I know, but its my BDay)
wants to thank you all for your birthday wishes. Now it's time to make my rounds and eat some good cooking!
stayed at Incredible Pizza for 5 1//2 hrs yesterday and I'm about to do it all over again today (its so great having kids)...Happy Birthday *PROPNAME*!
is wishing *PROPNAME* a Happy 2nd Birthday. I love you!
is wishing a Happy Birthday to my bestie *PROPNAME*! "I love you honey, and I hope you have a wonderful 22nd Birthday!"
Look back and thank God. Look forward and trust God. Look around and serve God. Look within and find God. God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors no man can close. If you need God to open some doors for you, pray and repost...#SEPARATOR#why does it seem like im always online these days?...
beach?!?
if your a girl and you haven't seen the miniseries North and South (BBC) you need too!!
Dear planes,  Please stop crashing, I'd like to go on a trip to Ireland without dying on either flight.  Thanks, *PROPNAME*
nm... out for a walk to the PIER! llame to make the walk go faster... or to come along :)
yeah... i'm in the american executive!! woo
according to Japanese scientists.. humans glow!! i KNEW it!! :)
okay fine... i'm going, i'm going...
the Ugly Truth was fantastic!
no really... I'm watching *PROPNAME*.
lovin the warm windy HB weather in my backyard
my hair is turning black!!!
read harry potter 7 cover to cover in a day just cuz
hungeeee!!
is at the beach at 30th st in newport... come join! give me a call or just show up! :)
oh god... baby next door wont stop crying grrrr!!
so one day, I'm going to ride a horse (Fresian to be specific) over some majestic rolling hills and *PROPNAME* is going to run behnind me with a boombox blasting epic music... i can't wait
sigh... Debussy... always puts me in agood mood
stimulated the economy yesterday... there goes 100 on makeup... now next on the list... somewhere to go all dressed up
I'ma gonna watch you break it down and dance.
sooo, this essay....
tear :`( really?...
the unknown is NOT fun. Ya'll are crazy for thinking so. lol
will complete seaon 3 and 4 of Kim Possible by tonight :)
LOVES *PROPNAME* Day <3 <3 <3
is on a tour of Asia. Burmese Saturdays, Japanese Sundays, Mongolian Mondays, Thai Tuesdays.... suggestions?
i think its unholy to be up at this hour twice in two days....
anyone have a place i can put my car during the football game? our house is doing football parking so its getting kicked out :( poor thing
eating seaweed.... wow.. thanks berkeley... what have you done to me
getting down with the Soweto gospel choir
Babbbbyyy you've got what it takes!
Though (*PROPNAME* < *PROPNAME*) they both = amazing. <3
really into *PROPNAME* right now
Guess how old I am in my profile photo
all of a sudden I'm really REALLY excited for Christmas <3
stomach wants to kill me ://
is OFFICIALLY nominated to the Peace Corps!!
Christmas tunes have started!!
House is addictivly depressing
"I want your love and  I want your revenge" "You and me could write a bad romance  " "I want your love and  All your lovers' revenge  " "You and me could write a bad romance"
Watching X-Men cartoons at home..I think I could do this for the rest of my life
omg.... peopleofwalmart.com
I have *PROPNAME* on the brain. ugh... one of these days I will remember to write about a topic other than intellectuals in colonial eras.... UGH
I really want to watch Gladiator right now
why yes I do lipsynch to the Soweto Gospel Choir in Zulu
President Obama -- fighting wars in two countries -- will arrive in Norway on Thursday to accept the Nobel Peace Prize.... Amusing CNN headline
Come to the J.S. Bach Magnificat at noon tomorrow at Hertz Hall!!
Mister Squiggles, the light-brown version of the hamsters, has unsafe levels of antimony.
Please choose ONE of the options and then write an essay in which you offer an argument so brilliant, so insightful, and so well-supported that political analysts around the globe are left astonished, humbled, and shaken (if not stirred).   - I <3 you *PROPNAME*. This is the best prompt ever.
Way to go young people, our contribution to society? "Unfriend" has been added to the OED.
"history must concede that he was in the exceptional position of a self infatuated man who happened to be right" --- the entertaining things i find while researching
FAIL. Instead of writing bspace.edu I wrote facebook.com
I wish everytime a camera circled around my chair a month went by. (See New Moon and You understand)
does not want to go back to berkeley.... well except for friendzies <3
is a Teach for American 2010 Corps Member!!!  (Southern Louisiana, Secondary Biology)
Grandma and I had a fight yesterday about whether the owner of the restaurant sounded like Blanche or Rose from the Golden Girls. Good Times. <3
*PROPNAME*
When sending your Christmas cards this year please take an extra one and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o Walter Reed Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW
is at jury duty ugh
New Years Resolutions 1) To become Kim Possible 2) To get a pony
fun fact... the foremost creationist advocate got his phd in bio chem from berktown
in Big Bear until Friday call me if you need me
so not cool with the fact that *PROPNAME* (who is 34 btw) is getting married to a 22 yr old argentinian model... exuse moi *PROPNAME*, I happen to be 22, you didnt have to look that far.
today was a new day then promptly ate 2 sees candies
insecureorama
Hello My name is *PROPNAME*, Human Cyborg relations... :) <3 to fam for actually watching the film with me last night... classic!!
teaching myself ALL of AP bio and 4 years of an education major's knowledge in 2 days booyah!
made mochi and red bean
are you kidding me... there is a book about how mr darcy is a vampire? really? okay you convinced me.... i'm reading it
His Royal Highness Fluff n' Stuff IS the perfect name for a pony!
Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize the same day that we bombed the moon... interesting...
GO BEARS!!!
Anyone interested in Seeing *PROPNAME* at the Nokia Theatre on the 28th of Feb?
yesssss, josh groban has a solo in the new "we are the world recording".....
why is it that whenever there is a pig butchered in Europe there are always drinks and snacks? - *PROPNAME*
I really REALLY REALLY want to be a Star Fleet officer. I have since I was 5 and I still do.
re: the completly redone monopoly game's utter potential failure:  So far, the Internet echo chamber's biggest criticism focuses on the new version's tight security. It seems that when it comes to Monopoly, *half the fun comes from cheating by stealing from the till when nobody's looking*, a loophole the new version closes with its fancy electronic banking.
I <3 My Garmin Forerunner
I honestly don't know who *PROPNAME* is.
PASSED my Praxis exams with flying colors!!! Thank you *PROPNAME*'s notes for that recognition of excellence on the PLT 7-12 :) <3
In Berkeley hit me up to hang out :)
why yes I am listening to the Backstreet Boys' new CD and cooking fudge. .... soon, I'll get a cat.
got a doggie!! what to name it?#SEPARATOR#prefers swimming in Lake Tahoe to staring at it on her computer desktop :)
wishes she could give her dog a huge hug right now.  Dog lovers: read "The Art of Racing in the Rain"
hey friends! did anyone leave a fake (but extremely real looking) gun in my car?
is speechless from the flowers sitting on my desk.  can't stop smiling.  I honestly don't know how I got so lucky
TAHOE TIME!
in the studio.  listening to amazing musicians record an amazing film score. so proud of my genius composer boyfriend!
has a crush on the birthday boy...
MAUI. so happy and warm and thankful :)
longest day ever?  Full day in hawaii + red eye flight to LA followed by 15 hours of rehearsal for The Sing-Off.... it's time to SLEEP!
is drinking tea and Emergen-C like it's nobody's business.  I refuse to be sick any longer!!
Tonight! NBC at 8 pm! The Sing-Off is ON and I am freakin excited!
Wow, I am blown away by how supportive everyone is!! THANK YOU! 2nd episode tonight at 8 :)
is back in LA! back at work! back to 75 degrees and sunny!  and yet, missing the single-digit temperatures of chicago....
is having a little bit of a post-haircut freak-out. (it's so short!! ah!)
woke up in Chicago :) Happy, healthy, wonderful new year, everyone!!
family in LA! let the restaurant adventures begin!#SEPARATOR#just made amazing pineapple curry jasime rice!! jealous??
(viral) social experiment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment with a memory of you and me - anything you want, good or bad or silly or sad. When you're finished, post this paragraph as your own status... you'll be surpri
misses her baby soooooooo much!!
ATTENTION JERSEY PEOPLE!!!..........Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. please re-post!
Thanksgiving at our place!! We eat at 5:00pm!! We would love to have you!! : )
on my way to 60 degrees and rainy. yay.
Nude.
Been thinking about adopting a pet?? Chihuahuas arrive at the Manhattan ASPCA Wednesday Jan 13th from 12-7pm. Chichis are the PERFECT city dog, so loyal, extremely loving, highly intelligent with tough new york personality. THEY ARE AMAZING!!
only the cool kids are on facebook at 12:30 on a saturday night. : )
Just gave *PROPNAME* a big piece of chicken out of my pasta, totally forgetting I just loaded it down with cayenne pepper!! She's still at her water bowl. Good lord, the gas that is to come while I'm sleeping... (I'm so sorry baby!!)#SEPARATOR#is in Floriderrr until the night of July 14th
is 65 degrees 87 percent humidity warm enough to go out tonight in shorts hmm
is really fucking tired of my dad telling me that nothing I do or plan is important.
is hoping some meditative (aka repetitive) work will pick her up and clear her head today
Transformers 2=the best trash I've seen in a long time
drowning misery in alcohol and Civ 4, 1v1 raging barbarians on a large map
If anyone needs help in a math class, my friend *PROPNAME* is an experienced tutor so feel free to contact him. (Not taking any math classes myself, fuck math!!)
It's official: I'd rather have watched 6 depressing foreign language films than this boring 2-hour long piece of crap called Adventureland
Man I'm not gonna end up finishing my portfolio website over break am I
seems I'll be back in NYC with the BF Jan 6 and 7, hmm what to do
has a functioning proto-website in just 3 hours (less if I hadn't forgotten everything about CSS & Wordpress)! Yay!
Am I the only person who got all teary-eyed during *PROPNAME*'s emotional speech?
Is anyone else catching the disastrous wordspacing on the screenshot for iBooks? Why cant each book be typeset the way it was for print?
YAAAAAAAAAAAY SAINTS!!!! New York is out so Im pulling for you!!
Seriously I dont know how male dominated Apple is but "pad" has a whole different connotation for us ladies
It seems that Apple instead of creating a tablet Mac they created a big iPhone and one that doesn't seem to improve drastically on it. :(
Im so happy for the Saints!!! Now time to sober up and look forward to the Olympics
Just realized Valentines Day//Chinese New Year is this Sunday, not Saturday...oops#SEPARATOR#I've lived in this place and I know all the faces Each one is different but they're always the same They mean me no harm but it's time that I face it They'll never allow me to change'
To see you when I wake up Is a gift I didn't think could be real
Had an incredible night...from now on if ur looking for me on a tuesday night I will be at the derbs : )
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing'
Definately maybe : )
wants to curl up and watch movies all night : )
wondering if I've got the strength to get through this one : //
Help me remember --*PROPNAME*
GOT A JOB!!!! yesssssss : ) : ) : )
crawling into bed and sleeping for 500000000000   years..... <3 vegas
: )
Cos all of the stars are fading away Just try not to worry youll see them some day
Thinking a downtown sb visit for halloween might be very necessary : )
Ata motseh chen b'aynai
It's our god forsaken right to be loved <3 <3 <3 <3'd
Cooking up a storm <3
On a mission to go back home for the world cup!!! Anyone know how to not make it a mission? haha... South Africa here we come <3 <3
bit my nails through that whole game... a wins a win though : )
True life: two young people believe that love can only be achieved with multiple partners...huh
My pin: 24797c05
No work tomorrow! finally...time for a great night and a morning of sleeping in : )
My pin: 24797c05
My intention is to go to your damn school...why do I need to write a whole essay telling you that!!!
Thank you so much for all the bday love, I'm a lucky girl : ) come to the DERBY tonight to celebrate!!! call or text if you have questions <3 <3
Poor chargers
To see you when I wake up is a gift I didn't think could be real'
Wow I'm a very happy camper : ) I think an SB visit is in order NOW..katie no comments hahah <3 <3
This is NOT funny. tornados do not exist in orange county, they just dont.
Only made it back to olympic from school...i like : )
Not going to work today...i have a laker game to watch, very important. priorities, priorities.
Define me urban dictionary "The Most wonderful person in the World. Kind, Sweet, Loving, Caring, Gentle. Perfect in Every way. The one you love for all your life. Crazy hot girl. Beautiful, smart & funny
"Distance is just a test to see how far love can travel"
3 more days until santa barbara!! Its gonna be a phenomenal weeekend : )
Just learned about how succe$$ful I will be, very shortly : ) dont be jealous, you get what you give
Beautiful ceremony for a beautiful person. You will be missed and loved forever but never forgotten. Rest peacefully <3#SEPARATOR#is happy his brother will join him in Princeton tomorrow.
got a cool Japanese headband
every man is an island
got a haircut!
http:////ca.news.yahoo.com//s//capress//091008//world//eu_nobel_literature
is about to cut his hair. Objections?
3rd interview: Columbia, 24-27 Feb
has a gold medal. In taekwondo.
when will I stop spilling liquids?
loves correlation coefficients
is going home!
first interview! Harvard - January 21-24
is addicted to Tap Tap Revenge on his Ipod and thinks it could make a great experimental paradigm for studying motor learning
is home
870//900 Math GRE
Merry Christmas!
slept from 11pm to 7am! It's a Christmas miracle!
found the magic water. It makes an incredible coffee!
has great friends
is sick of data
is back
is back: *PROPNAME* 73 feels like... home?!
is coming back
4th interview: Caltech! California here I come...
the rumors are true: Harvard IS awesome
2nd interview: Carnegie Mellon, 11-13 Feb
in Boston
needs paper filters
is happy *PROPNAME* is coming to Princeton
is mad at himself
is sick of plains and trains#SEPARATOR#haha... too bad I don't know my own schedule... let's try work till 6:15 then something with the fiance :)
work till seven, then something with the fiance... :)
work till 7 and looking foward to spending time with the love of my life tonight and maybe even sharing a delicious meal of the new volcano nachos from taco bell. haha.
is making an attempt to brief a few cases while waiting for *PROPNAME* to get off work so she can talk to him... I think I'm actually going to like law school, but I wish my love could be here with me! I miss him :(
little more reading, chatting with my love, then sleep... :)
Finishing up packing, then heading to Richmond.
Only two more days at home, then off to Richmond on Tuesday.  Where did the time go!?
had a great day... working on piddly stuff... shower... waiting to talk to *PROPNAME*.  :)
thinks it's wild that after all this time she still misses *PROPNAME* like crazy just for the two of them to go to work!  What am I gonna do when I leave for school!?! ahhh..
hunting license = $18, case of shells = $21, getting to hunt opening day of dove season with my love = priceless.  Awesome weekend, miss my darlin' already.  Now it's school work time...
Surprise!  Mama and Daddy are coming up and bringing some of my things!  Good thing I got up early and managed to be very productive this morning.  Now, getting ready and spending the afternoon getting partially moved into my apartment.
briefing cases for property while I'm waiting for *PROPNAME* to get off :)
work 12-7...
long day of classes//library time... but.... *PROPNAME* is coming to see me tomorrow :)  So everything is good.
watching Valkyrie, then sleep....  glad derick is off for a while after tonight!
waiting on my darlin' to get here.  :)
I love Comcast "On Demand" exercise videos!  Just discovered them.  I can be a hip hop dancing machine all alone right in my very own living room. Haha, embarassing.
I couldn't focus and *PROPNAME* was really annoyingly antsy, so we decided to take a walk and we both feel much better.  Now shower and memo-writing time...
after a great weekend at home, I'm hitting the books for a while, then sleep...
working on my memo... yuck..
civ pro, property, and torts... my three fun new friends.... :)
Twiddling my thumbs and waiting for the law library to open.  Embarrassing.
reading property and loving every minute :)
Curled up on the couch watching movies with *PROPNAME* :)
civ pro for Monday, then home for the weekend :)
Finished my memo!  Sleep time, then heading home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s wedding this weekend!!
is ready to go home for fall break on Thursday...
oh boy... a weekend filled with fun law school assignments.
exciting about going home tomorrow for the weekend :)
finally got an apartment!! Now, I must focus, focus, focus the next two days so I can spend most of the rest of my week with *PROPNAME*//getting my apartment straight!!  Great to have something to look forward to making it easier to get motivated..
clean apartment... clean puppy dog... now showerin' then fixin' spaghetti to have for lunch this week...
is excited about going home today for fall break... :)
me and *PROPNAME* miss *PROPNAME*....
Oh happy day. It's so nice being at school and knowing *PROPNAME* (& *PROPNAME*) will be there when I get home. It just makes everything nicer!! :)
is wishing her sister, *PROPNAME*, a Happy 19th birthday!!
coffee, memo-writing//editing, and grey's//private practice...
is putting together a breakfast casserole to bake for breakfast in the morning and waiting on *PROPNAME* to get here.. :)
outlining property all day... *PROPNAME*'s coming to see me tonight so that's a great motivation to get my work done!!! :)  Can't wait to see him!!!
Lots to be happy about--- My standard 9:00-6:00//300 mins of class Monday at the law school is over, my apartment is totally unpacked, and *PROPNAME* is coming to visit!
Like everyone else, my poor *PROPNAME* is sick... wish I was there to take care of him... :(
just cut *PROPNAME* trying to give her a little trim... :(  I'm taking it worse than she is... poor baby...  Now *PROPNAME* and I are going to grab us a bite to eat, then I'm trapping him in my apartment cuz he's not allowed to leave tomorrow.
*PROPNAME*'s gone home and I will be studying the next two days for a scary property midterm on Thursday that will be worse than going to the dentist----then I have a dentist appointment right afterward.... Basically I'm doing something I don't usually do and that is sulking and feeling really sorry for myself.  BUT, home on Thursday after the exam//dentist appt.!!! :)
is a sleepy girl... curling up in the bed with miss gigi to read a book, chatting with my love, and then sleeping as long as I want to.  I love not having Friday classes.
will hot chocolate make me feel better?
had to go ahead and cook some chili after *PROPNAME* made it sound so good... Homework and crossing my fingers for McDonnell, Bolling, and Cuccinelli!
taking *PROPNAME* for a walk and then attempting to write this memo...
ahhh... this is beautiful *PROPNAME*... I have so many true, yet politically incorrect things to say, but will instead keep them to myself...
*PROPNAME* just broke her collar when I took her out... With Broad Street right outside I only had a minor panic attack.
today is one of those "I don't like law school..." days.  My solution= pretending that I'm not in law school for the rest of the day... tv time.
went to the doc.... it's not H1N1, just a bad case of hayfever... benedryl and rest for me...
"You Better stop wining, pining, Get your dreams in line and just  Shine, Design, Refine until They Come True. And you’d better get to living" - *PROPNAME*
"To take from one because it is thought that his own industry and that of his father's has acquired too much, in order to spare to others, who, or whose fathers have not exercised equal industry and skill, is to violate arbitrarily the first principle of association -- the guarantee to every one of a free exercise of his industry and the fruits acquired by it."~*PROPNAME*
can't breathe out of either one of my "noses" (as my sister used to call them)
well my first class was cancelled because the professor thinks her whole family has come down with H1N1, so I'm trying to be productive anyway....
class, back to the apt. to pack, pickin' up a few necessities at Bass Pro, Dentist, then home for the weekend!! :)
Also, Happy XXrd Birthday to my Mama!
Oh my gee willikers----I do not like writing memos...
So, just about everyone on my friend list is highly upset that it's Monday
was astoundingly productive today... chipping away is a lot better method than sitting around trying to figure out how to tackle the whole mountain!
life is way too short and way too good to stress out or worry... :)
Memo is over--- going to get something done to my hair, then cleaning the apartment and going out with *PROPNAME* for a little early birthday celebration!
So as I was driving to school this morning, belting "My Baby Loves Me Just the Way that I Am" into my coffee mug... I realized for the 500th time this week just how much I love life...  Can't wait to go home tomorrow and spend lots of time this week with my *PROPNAME* and my family!
C-SPAN is unbelievable... The House is a zoo this morning....  Rep. Dingell is being a very unfair Kindergarten teacher over an unruly class...
Tuesday is here!! Home after my property class... Happy Birthday to my MeMe Myrtle (my grandma) who is 80 years old today!!! :)  She's the best and I'm so lucky she's my grandma!
cleaning the apartment...
*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s wedding went great! I'm so happy for them!!!   Wish I had my sd card earlier so I could have taken more pics...  Now, in Richmond and back to the real world... missin' my darlin'...
ohh, cleaning then reading for school... all the while just thinking about how much I can't wait to go home on Thursday!  Lots of time with my one and only, hunting, and all the fun and good people that go along with both!  Can Not Wait.
had enough of this memo today, almost done! Reading a good book until sleep... Can't wait until home on Tuesday... It's going to be a great week!
Coffee, Christmas Cookies, Civil Procedure and Christmas movies... :)
Back in Richmond after a great Thanksgiving break... missing my darlin' already...  Can't wait to get through these next 3 weeks and have my first semester of law school behind me... :)
so good to be home!  Planning to get a few things accomplished today and then going to see my love after he gets off work!
back in Richmond, reading for classes tomorrow and getting ready for the week.. can't believe I only have 2 full weeks of classes left of the semester....
oh future interests.... you defeat me.  Professor Berryhill, I admit that you are God, please have mercy on my poor, ignorant, 1L soul...
is wondering why her attention span is so pitiful... must... pay... attention...
has had a great week with my darlin'.... :)  It's gone by way too fast... now, hunting with daddy till *PROPNAME* gets off at 5:00...
civ pro outlining and watching The Pelican Brief... and before you think "she shouldn't be watching a movie".... it's a movie about the law and a law student, it definitely qualifies as studying in my book.... :)
In the final 2 week stretch!!
snowing in Richmond...
So I really have a final tomorrow... I think that's finally starting to set in.
studying Torts----missing *PROPNAME*...
Property Midterm = Over,  Life = Good,  Me = Packing up, Dentists appt., Home.
*PROPNAME* and I have successfully added a new trick to our list... playing dead!  We're excited!  :)  And we can't wait to show it off to *PROPNAME* when he gets here! <3
fried taters for supper... :)
law school... you are not too much fun today... December 18th, please come soon...
*PROPNAME* and I went to Blockbuster to get a couple movies... we both said we'd been wanting to see Four Christmases, so we got it... turns out we watched it together last year. haha...  A tradition in the making?  Teriyaki Pork Sirloin and stir fry for dinner... love having him here <3
So *PROPNAME* just ate the end of my highlighter... I think that means she wants me to stop studying...
Went to eat some mexican food, now fixing some homemade hot cocoa and watching movies with *PROPNAME*... <3
So I decided that personally thanking everyone for the birthday wishes was probably blowing up too many people's news feeds... so thanks to everyone!  <3<3<3
R.I.P. Orange highlighter.... that makes the score: highlighters-0
memo-writing...
ready for Thursday afternoon when I get to go home and see my darlin'!
Working on being more positive and proactive...
Come 12:30, I will be done with Property!  :)
I feel like I lose my best friend everytime *PROPNAME* leaves to go back home :(  Can't wait till Friday when I get to go home, too.
my goodness, how I hate civil procedure...
showing this memo who's boss... :)
So glad to be home :)
Whoa... way too sleepy, way too early... Cookies and hot chocolate time.... :)
One final exam is behind me, my wonderful parents surprised me and came up for the evening, and *PROPNAME* is coming up tomorrow....  :)  I'm a happy girl.  <3
Dear God, I know you've got a lot going on with Jesus' birthday coming up and all, but I need you to take this Civil Procedure exam for me in the morning.  I know you take all of my exams for me, but I really need ya in an extra special sort of way for this one. Oh and  one more thing, please hold off the snow until I can make it home....
okay so why am I here going through a long day of classes and feeling stressed and overwhelmed instead of at home happily hunting with my love???  Oh yea, I want to finish law school and be a lawyer... I want to finish law school and be a lawyer... Just have to keep telling myself that.  haha.
Taking Miss *PROPNAME* to get groomed, then studying for my last exam on Friday... Can't wait for Friday at 12:30!!!!  :)
work 10-7, then to see my *PROPNAME*.
One more class, then meeting up with mama to go wedding dress shopping :), then home for the weedend!
Another week almost over?  My, how they seem to fly! :) Can't wait for next week when *PROPNAME* is here and we can celebrate his birthday!
I don't know what's worse... Constitutional Law or having it at 8:40?
hates that *PROPNAME* is leaving today, but had a great weekend and am excited he will be right back on Thursday!!! :)
Well... my elaborate surprise plan to take *PROPNAME* to see *PROPNAME* for his birthday has been canceled due to the weather.... but I'm still looking forward to the snowy weekend and we're just going to have to wait until April to see *PROPNAME*.  :)
congrats to *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.  *PROPNAME* has a new little baby niece, *PROPNAME*!!  (She'll be mine, too, shortly!!)
I got the prettiest wedding dress in the whole wide world!  Was browsing through the racks and turns out the first dress I came to that caught my attention was the one I had picked out online and been looking at ever since last June!  Tried a bunch on, but ended up with that one.  :)  How exciting!
Summer job interview tomorrow... :)  Hoping it'll be my first and last!!
not at all enjoying *PROPNAME* being on 2nd shift when I'm home for the weekend :(
abandoning the library which could almost be confused with an ice box and going to grab some lunch with jessica... :) then back for a couple more classes...
trying out the new reading glasses, not sure how I feel about them...
wishing my fiance a Happy, Happy Birthday!!  I love you darlin' and hope you have a wonderful day!
Got a paid (as opposed to the increasingly popular unpaid) J-O-B in a law firm!  Starting next Friday, I'll work Fridays until school is out, then full time for the summer!  That and having a snow day all rolled into one makes today a great day...  :)
yay for an official snow day!! :) But still have that job interview as far as I know, so don't get to stay in the bed and watch tv all day.... :(
oh thank goodness I have Monday night tv to look forward to :)  Gotta love <3 abc family :)#SEPARATOR#R.I.P *PROPNAME*! You and your music will alway be in my heart :(
I  walked around whole Sundsvall today and half the way it started to rain.....
I'm off to work!! have the evening shift....
Have a new IPOD :)
Welcome Dinner tonight and I'm the toastmaster :)
Have done Zumba for the past 1 hour... a really greate form of workout.. Love it!! :)
Have fixed my music library on my laptop... so now everything is in order :)
A whole day of shoping and I didn't find a single thing...... hmmmmm
My troath hurts :(
First day of school wasn't so bad.... Just abit scary 
Soon on my way to the Bad Taste party.... :)
relaxing after yesterdays party :)
RIP *PROPNAME* - Boyzone will never be the same without you....
I'm down.... In bed with a nasty cold....just want to sleep... I really hate being sick.... :(
Got a new mobilephone..... :)
It's Snowing!!! Ahhhhhhh.....
Had a home-spa day today, the best thing to do if you want to kill some time when it's raining outside...
I just fell in love with jazz improvisation.. it's so much fun :)
Had my first statistics class today and it was so..... hmmm... how should I say it.... messy maybe...  this really gonna be a strange class.....
Back home again from the Tallinn Party Cruise.... Tierd but Happy :)
Trying to find schools for my C-level paper....
From All of Us to All of You a Very Merry Christmas :) !!!!
Only 1.5 weeks left of my summer-work then its back to Karlstad again... Looking forward to it.... It starting to get abot boring up here in the north.... 
I'm Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy.... Thanks everyone for the nice Birthday wishes I love you all!!!! :D
Motivation = Zero
Conflictmanagement are really interesting... I just find out that i'm more like my mother then I thought :)
Was on my first voice lesson today... feels good to start singing again... It was a long time ago... but now I'm back on track again 
I like my life right now... :)#SEPARATOR#Sometimes I realise how insignificant I am in the universe. Then I get over it.
Just uploaded photos. Wow, that ball was fun...
For some reason I have stayed up till 4am. I'm only a little tired, and I've run out of books to read. I've also started and finished a game I downloaded. Is there something wrong with me?
It's getting a mite windy out there...
I haven't gone to bed yet, but i'm heading that way...
Turning 17 on Wednesday, getting cake in tutor time on Thursday, nirthday party Saturday instead of work... what could be a better week?
Practically 17. =D So excited about Saturday, but not so excited about how much it will cost to hire a PS2 and Singstars.
I now semi-own a Playstation 2 slim! I also have Singstar mics and a memory card, now I all I need are some suggestions for games a beginner can play..? I quite like Crash and Spyro...
I had my hair dyed and straightened on Thursday. Now I REALLY want hair straighteners, but I have to wait until I've paid for my restricted test. Also, having washed my hair, I realise that my hair has quite a bit of cur//wave to it. Who knew?
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you. 1:Crazy. 2:I'd Marry You. 3:Talkative. 4:Sarcastic. 5:Lovable. 6:Clubhead. 7:Moody. 8:Dumb. 9: Spoiled. 10:Mouthy. 11:Random. 12:Hot. 13:Funny. 14:Fit. 15:Amazing. 16:Tough. 17:Cute. 18:Bf//Gf Type. 19:Player. 20:The Best. 21:Freak. 22:Quiet. 23:Sexy. 24: Adorable
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS... You can ask me one question (only in my inbox). Any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is. there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get.
Paramore Ticket presale next weekend - anyone else getting tickets?
Going to get my restricted on the 7th of December. Should be fun!
Definitely wants more of those Cherry Blossom Trees in Farmtown. They're awesome!
I have more time on my hands - this means I have gone through 5 books in the last 5 days!
I just got emailed my Ezy-Ticket to Paramore! I don't want to wait three months to see them!
Can't wait for Thursday - I'm buying hair straighteners!
doesn't want to go to work in and hour and a half - if at all. Too bad I need the money...
Oh, and the 7th of January I'm going for my restricted license... again. Yay.
His body was found gored to death, as if by a wild animal.
I still think people that can't stack baskets properly are idiots.
Go to urbandictionary.com,  type your first name copy and paste this as your status and put the  first entry for your name as a comment:
I have been watching Star Trek for 3 weeks now. I think I have a problem.
Just bought an 8GB mP3//mP4 player. For &79.99. Damn awesome!
Ugh, leadership training. Why did I bother getting up this morning?#SEPARATOR#i miss my sister.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
off to shanghai#SEPARATOR#is on *PROPNAME*'s 30th birthday Golf Pub Crawl!!
is on *PROPNAME*'s 30th birthday Golf Pub Crawl!!
is loving girls night out for *PROPNAME*'s bday!
is @ the Whitecaps!!
loves her new Jeep Liberty!!
is praying that that tech guys can save her computer otherwise I start my thesis over from ground zero...
on the boat with M&M!
is picking up JLGR's Beneath the Wreath posters and postcards!  Wohoo!
is trying to figure out something super amazing to do on her last two days off...
is so excited for Hageman's wedding!  My former roomie is all grownsd up.  :)
is going to a fraternity formal (not something I ever thought I'd say at the age of 27)
from the first day of school to the first Junior League meeting...busy day!
wishes she were in EL cheering on State rather than working on her thesis...
you know it was a good party when a Tasmanian Devil and Bumble Bee show up the next afternoon looking for their lost antennae...
is relaxing in Fremont with the fam.  Tomorrow it's off to the Driftwood & possibly KC's :)
wishes life was always as simple as it was in high school when my biggest decision was what to wear for yearbook pictures...
just turned in her Master's project and is finally done!!!
is enjoying the last day of holiday shopping at Beneath the Wreath!  11:00-3:00 today at the St. Nicholas Cultural Center.  www.juniorleaguegr.com
and *PROPNAME* are driving to the Florida Keys!!!!
just got an "A" on my six hour capstone exam for my Master's...yay!
is excited for Picnic Pops!  (*PROPNAME* = not so much)
Hello, FHS Class of 2000!  We are planning a 10 year reunion for this May//June.  If you have thoughts//suggestions then feel free to contact me or *PROPNAME*.  Thanks!
Congrats to *PROPNAME* on his wedding today and Go State!
made her first attempt at cooking bok choy...not sure there will ever be a second.
is missing Pokey Stix, *PROPNAME*'s, and everything about East Lansing!!  Go State!
Let's go State!#SEPARATOR#ran 19 miles today. Shower, a big glass of water, and then cleaning up the house.
is elated!
caught fireflies in a jar, am going to soak my feet in some piping hot water, and is just relaxing to Chopin and a good book.
back to my modified Russian tuning. It sounds so much more full.
Why is it that everyone else's musical tastes go forward and mine seem to switchback?
$500.00 for stitches?!
is extremely bored. Late night run to North and back.#SEPARATOR#working from 7am til 3pm then who knows what i'll be doing
is thinking of possibly doing something interesting tonight depending on whatever it might be
working overnights this week
In my shoes, just to see, what it's like to be me, I'll be you, let's trade shoes Just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each others minds Just to see what we'd find, look at shit through each others eyes
anxious to move and thinking too much
doing a double shift at work.
tgiff
enough with the rain already
a break and a lil bit of luck would be nice to have.
its gone
hoping its an easy day
Happy Gobble Gobble y'all
friday yet??
oh well, it doesnt want to work with me, ill post it some other time. guess its back to watching hockey on tv and maybe find something to do later on.
blah
don't feel like working today
ah crap, mondays always comes too fast,the week should start on tuesdays
go figure, trying to upload a pic and facebook won't work properly
yay snow
bored and watching the hockey game.
playing some guitar hero
finally done a freaking long 8 hour shift
holy freaking snow
off to work, plowing sidewalks.
merry  x-mas to all and lets all drink to good times
tis' the season to be jollyfa la la la la la la la latis' the season...to..be a nut case!! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Happy New Year everyone, Cheers!
wishes 2009 would end so 2010 could start
doing freaking laundry, in and out of the apt.
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU!!!! 1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3=talkative, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss you, 6=club head, 7=moody, 8=dumb, 9=mouthy, 10=spoilt, 11=random, 12=hot, 13=funny, 14=fit, 15=amazing, 15=tough, 16=cute, 17=gf//bf type, 18=player, 19=i love you, 20=gorgeous, 21=the best, 22=cool
damn im tired, need sleep. must go to work, sleep after if possible
ah crap!! back to hell tonight!
it's freaking snowing,lol
WTF what happened to winter???
on the road again
1 to 2 weeks and im back on the road
if u can't drive in this kind of weather, my advice to you is: GET OFF THE F'N ROAD
tired as hell, 12 hr shift on a day off is simply nutz
Due to a total lack of interest Monday is cancelled!#SEPARATOR#Ai is coming to San Jose on Sept. 4th =D
Happy Lunar New Year, Chuc Mung Nam Moi, Xing Nian Kwai Le#SEPARATOR#Is flying back friday night in time to move the rest of his stuff then go to work the next morning... great.
is stealing his net by the lake
Ames tommorow back in time for the game
back in IC after a 16 hour drive, i think it's time to go to sleep.
just made it to the hotel
Owns a duplex.
four long islands in 30 nmin = happy
is drunk and has be be at work in 6 hours g 'night
Getting ready to head to jakes for punch card night!
stairs are painfull
A fox trot above my head. a sockhop beneath my bed, a disco ball is just hanging by a thread.
work is gunna be real bad in the morning.  the hanover isnt going to fade for awile i think
Time to go shopping for presents, still dont know what to get.
headed dt, cant wait to work in the morning.
Apparently i had a good time lastnight...
Oh yes ladies, it's a snuggie.
New Year, New mistakes.
has to go buy tinkerbell lip gloss.
Pineapple? not tonight.
*PROPNAME*'s Your Uncle is my Cheers.
Pineapple#SEPARATOR#[13 hours in vcpa today... it's going to be a long day..!]
[. . . dammit! just remembered that i still have stuff to finish for work . . . & how did it get to be 2am?? . . .]
"we go out in stormy weather · we rarely practice discern · we make love to some with sin · we seek out the taciturn · and that's the way we get by · the way we get by..."
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh..!
~[no response IS a response... & as far as i'm concerned, it's the very worst one you could give someone...*sigh* oh well tho]~
[...so f@#$% happy right now..!!! never saw that coming, not in a million years...] :D  
~[booooooo..!]~
...[well i may have screwed up~yet again~but the nice people who keep watching my crash & burn routine (one semester after another) have apparently not lost patience or given up on me quite yet...]     ~i am truly grateful~
[...]
[...well, it may not have been pretty (for the most part), but at least it's OVER!...] goodbye, fall semester '09 ~ you kicked my ass  :|
~ [...my phone is being lame today...] ~
ready to not be freezing my a*s off in the vcpa lobby any more for today! ashley, i hope you bring a sweatshirt..!
guys who claim to like me, present & future:  [...quit telling me what you think i want to hear (especially if you have no intention of backing it up ~CONSISTENTLY~ through your actions)... & just start telling me how it TRULY is, dammit..! if in reality it's not enough, i have a right to know that, & you have no right to claim otherwise.]
.........................why can't i focus on writing my paper AT ALL??...........................
[people should just stick to treating eachother the way that they really feel about one another, even if that means giving up whatever they might gain from pretending to like someone they really don't, or having to deal with the temporary awkwardness of admitting that they made a mistake, or changed their mind... or whatever. just a thought.]
finally almost done in the vcpa! 54hrs since wednesday is enough!
"yeah! i mean, i'm discovering all this, too... as i'm saying it."
"No, I'm not going to leave you out here. If I do that, I'll probably get fired, and then I'll do something stupid, and then I'll go back to jail." ~coach mcguirk  [home movies is one of the best shows ever] :)
¡felíz año nuevo, mis amigos y mi familia!
"yeah, i know! i mean, i'm discovering all this, too---as i say it"  ~ coach mcguirk
charlatán, -tana n, mpl -tanes  1 : chatterbox
HAHAHA ~ love this!: "Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons. My wish for 2010 is that people will understand, that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of. Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying. 93% won't copy and paste this... They have been eaten by dragons."
"miss anna, you must remember, you have been a very difficult woman ~ much more difficult than is generality."  ~ the king (from the king & i)   i love this movie..! [normally can't stand musicals, too...]
"we don't use the term 'insane' ~ we prefer 'mentally hilarious'." ~ family guy
"hello, customers!  if you're watching this, then you may or may not be a candidate for laser eyeball surgeries!  how do you do??   my name is ping pong von laserstein ~ today, we're going to talk about your eyes..."#SEPARATOR#Any GOS student who comes to me complaining about how 'early' the next school year starts are gonna get a 'nice little lecture' from me...¤_¤
Got a painful reminder of why I REALLY dislike my little sister...and why I have to keep my room locked at all times...#SEPARATOR#so much hw T_T
Hello Taipei
in Taiwan for 8 hours
Taiwan is even hotter than Japan~
time for more school..in Japan!!
going to kyoto on thursday~
Staying in Shinjuku, Tokyo until Wednesday
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=Sib2L6A6xgw
i need a job#SEPARATOR#is checking her facebook a little more than she used to...but facebook still bombards her with more information than she has time to fool with!  Taking things at a glance.
is sick as a dog & about to go home early...bluhhhh
is sick of the pain.
...
I will be fine.  I've gotten through everything that has ever been thrown at me--nothing can keep me down for long.
will probably be taking a hiatus from facebook again for a bit...you know where to reach me if you wish to do so!
has a tummyache (again, stupid tummy) but is otherwise alright!
isn't gonna fool with facebook applications, but does check facebook briefly every day now, for what it's worth...
...my heart hurts.
is somewhat on hiatus from facebook for a while...may check it occasionally...*shrug*
is very well-rested, lol.
is doin' alright. Something I've come to realize: you can't depend on anyone ALL the time...but ALMOST all the time is a damn good percentage!
is so glad I finally tried a chiropractor!  My back hasn't felt this good in ages!  I was very crackly, lol.
Is still pretty much on facebook hiatus...if you message me I'll probably answer though. Otherwise, most of you know where to find me!
is relaxing...
Feeling pretty good since the whole 'tweaking my outlook' kick I've been on...except for this sore throat//sniffles thing, geh. But I'll live...hey, drinking tea goes along with the zen thing anyway, lol.
is determined to be strong.
feels kinda better after going home early yesterday & resting...24-hour bug?  Whatever it was I'ma try to take it easy today too.
gonna stay late at work to get some extra stuff done, & then go home & veg out. I'm a geezer today, I guess...
I mean to go to bed early (to get over the Plague of Atlanta), and yet I end up staying up all night doing practically nothing.  Story of my life.  Hmph!
Bev quote of the hour: "Bah, the chaos gods can suck my intangible throbbing member."
Doing enough work to compensate for being in Atlanta Thursday & Friday...blehhhh.  (Still at work at frickin' midnight!)  But the trip, the company & the brief respite from LI will be soooo bloody appreciated.
Am engaged in battle with the Plague-beasts of Atlanta. *sneeze*  Vitamins make good ammo in such altercations!
Yay Mythbusters!  Ninjas, explosions, and science, oh my! :D *nerdnerdnerd*
This morning my dad said "it smells weird in your apartment."  Found the culprit--something in my dad's house upstairs sprung a leak...right through my bedroom ceiling, saturating my bedroom.  My mattress, lots of pillows, some expensive clothes and some beloved posters I was saving...are all ruined.  And the water's still leaking!  Grrahhhh...
Musta been, I dunno, sleep-spelunking or somethin last night-cos I woke up with a fucked up knee. I'ma try to rest this wkend & rid myself of the Mysterious Plague of Atlanta that drained me all week
Ok...there are piles of "junk that isn't supposed to be on my desk" that keep getting bigger...while the things that are supposed to live on my desk are magically disappearing.  What fresh hell is this?!
The Mighty Boosh is completely mad but completely awesome. It has soothed my disgruntled sadness with its peculiar brand of British inanity...and interpretive dance. *nodnod*
Today's sky is as grey as my default mood setting.  Sometimes it's rather exhausting being so exquisitely angst-ridden...*rolls eyes, sighs*
Gah...sick of feeling like crap! Gods deliver me from resilient falltime ailments...*brandishes stick menacingly...then gets dizzy and passes out*
"I said he's a fairy I do suppose//flyin thru the air in pantyhose//he may be very sexy or even cute//but he looks like a sucka in a blue and red suit//I said you need a man who's got finesse//& his whole name across his chest//he may be able to fly all thru the night//but can he rock a party til the early light//he can't satisfy you with his little worm//but I can bust you out w my Super sperm!!" Rapper's Delight on Superman
Feelin' pretty lousy today...basically zombie-ing through work, and not in the fun way.  I feel like part of my brain is missing and has been replaced by canned air.  Bleah...Monday is definitely my least favorite day!
I know it's gonna be a 'pajama weekend' when I find myself doing my weekend grocery shopping at the 7-11 at 5:30 a.m...
Oy, Jiminator--this bring back any college memories, lol? "I got BLOOD on my hands and there's no remorse
Faring alright, I s'pose...just sore, and scouring the universe for used Toyotas & Hondas...  Need transportation, STAT!  Anyone with input on the car front, please comment!  Hope everyone's Halloween rocked...
"Got an animated corpse//at my beck & call//you will find my skin cells underneath his fingernails//Carpet fibers from my car//Covering his coat and clinging to his follicles//Everyday we meet//Plot fourteen//As he hops in the front in the seat next to me//He can't wait til I tell him what I need//Then he nods a rotting head and then I set him free"
WTF...did I like, get Mono or something in Atlanta (and how would I get Mono there? I don't make out with my relatives, ew!)?  I've felt consistently crappy and out of it ever since I came back.  Meh.  In other news, thanks to Lorna, I have "Unpack Your Adjectives" stuck in my head, lol...
Errghhh...insomnia suuuuucks! *whines, ears begin to bleed*
2 people today mentioned that my Wall is disabled from being posted on...I didn't even know! Lol, changed it...post at will I guess. *shrug!* In other news...YAY CARTOONS! "YEEES, we have no// bananas// todaaaaayyy!"
Gah, bus schedules are confusing! *scratches head, which then explodes*
Ladies and gentlemen, we are floating in space... *zoned the fuck out*
"Coming to work is like being raped by a paper factory."--me (to my dadboss) on working at a law office.
might have contracted the rockin' pneumonia...but I hope I don't get the boogie-woogie flu--it sounds repulsive!  By the way, I hate that song. (No, I'm not sick...I'm just a weirdo!)
Almost forgot it was Sunday night...yay for new Venture Bros. eps!  (My preciousssss...)  But DUDE, who saw the Metalocalypse season premiere?  When that "surprise thing" happened I literally screamed in joy (woke up my dad, lol)!  Maybe semi-expected but still, WOOT!
Spacemen 3 are pretty good...but in moderation--too many songs in a row and they'll put you to sleep! Zzzzz...
"Woo-hah! Woo-hah! Got you all in check!" LOL
Checking out a car in the morning...hope it checks out--I'm not enjoying this carless whatnottery!
God damn it...I need for my laptop to NOT freeze for 10 minutes before deciding to perhaps or perhaps not perform the command I've clicked...I need a car that isn't a fucking pretzel, or at least SOME form of viable transportation...I need ADD meds that don't leave me staring off into fucking space at work...GAHHH!  Very fucking frustrated!  Anyone with input re laptop or car, please comment...*sigh*
It's insane how much time one has to spend on the telephone with basically everyone in Christendom after a big car accident...blahhhh...deliver me from being on hold all day! *glares at phone*
Meh.  Humans are a fickle species.
About to go to bed so I can get up early to check out a car tomorrow morn...*crosses fingers* hope this one pans out
It's a DK kind of day. *nod*
"*PROPNAME* could never have Superman's baby. Do you think her fallopian tubes could handle the sperm? I guarantee he blows a load like a shotgun right through her back...The only way he could bang regular chicks is with a kryptonite condom...but that would kill him!"
Unproductive day...home sick & made no money, and no progress carwise...but at least I got some rest, I guess. *sigh*
Went and got the last of my stuff out of my...car...(read: twisted metal heap with fuzzy seats) this morning.  It was kind of sad...I apologized to Car (yeah, that's its name dammit, shut up) for smushing it, and hugged it goodbye, and then took the title to my mechanic so it can be junked.  Thusly, the day started in kind of a somber mood.  If only I could locate a sufficient replacement, though...
Well, going to bed with a smile on my face.  Nice change from the rest of the week! Haha...somehow my facebook got switched to German for awhile...it was ok, 'cause I could read most of the German--just rather random!  This box asked me "Was machts du gerade" for half the night...lol.  Actually I might switch it back to German and leave it for awhile--it amuses me! :P
Soooo frickin' psyched for Atlanta.  Getting the fuck outta LI, seeing my superawesome folks, finally getting some proper southern food, and maybe even checking out Decatur nightlife & Williams Street...the word of the day is "YAAAYYYYY!"
"Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torment of man."--Friedrich Nietzsche
Bah! Humbug! In other news, I really wanna see Ninja Assassin! In other news...eh, don't matter anyway, nevermind.
Car Search 2009=driving me mad! No jetpacks on ebay (I checked) so that's out. Rollerblading'd surely break my ass. Motorcycle=me smeared across the pavement. Mopeds are...small. No horse handy or I could Amish it up w// a little cart! Bikeseats hurt my delicate posterior. Boats don't travel well on land. Don't think Segways go fast enough to get anywhere-I'd probably fall off anyway. Hurry up & invent transporters!!
Having a mixed day: got less than 1 hour of sleep (and even that was interrupted sleep!), so I'm kinda white-knuckling it through the workday a bit...but also got the car 'legal' at the DMV--and it only took like 30 minutes!  Well, at least I'm too tired to think myself into a funk again!
I just saw an...interesting...car commercial. According to said commercial, apparently "Twilight's *PROPNAME*" drives...a Volvo. A Volvo. A vampire...in a Volvo.* Wow...I didn't think that that character could get any lamer
is now friends with I NEED A FUCKING CAR!!!
I gotta ask: why pirates OR ninjas?  Why not both?  Also, two interesting concepts I've recently discovered: Horror Cakes competition on Food Network tomorrow (one of them bleeds when you cut the cake! AWESOME!)...and a children's book series I saw in the bookstore recently, called Vampirates...I dig the name, and the concept...not sure about the execution though.  Still...intriguing!
Feeling quite content, in spite of all that 'ails' me. *quirks lips into a serene smile*
"Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torment of man."--Friedrich Nietzsche ---------------------------------------- Yeah, fuck hope.  Let's try action!  Control what you CAN control.  Determination burns within me again.
Tired of introspection tonight
Finally got a car! 1998 Nissan Altima GXE w// 98,700 miles on it in pretty good shape. Mechanics aside, glad I have a car w// a stereo again. Don't like that it's white, but I took what I could get! Might either mural-paint or shop-repaint it if it annoys me enough.  Also had a really great weekend (Thank you, guys. Xoxo!)--nice change from the last few! Glad as hell I'm not stranded anymore!!
is FREEZING!  Not feeling very good, either.  Hope it's a 'passing fancy' and not an Ailment!
Happy Halloween all! Stuck @ home recuperating from totaling my fuckin car yestermorn-they're right, it DOES hurt more the day after-but "I'M NOT DEAD YET!!" Great time last night tho-celebrating LIVING. Thanx to all who made it possible & who made it awesome! Yay Dethklok show, Asylum, & some fucking wonderful humans, including my rockin' friends & lotsa cool folks I met last night. *hugs the world, retreats to bed*
I'm back from Atlanta, over 24 hours after I was s'posed to be...am worn the fuck out.  But had a great fuckin' time down there before the airtravel assraping!  So, yay to that! 
URGENT!!  Does anyone want to see SONIC YOUTH with DINOSAUR JR. TONIGHT at Terminal 5 in Manhattan (show starts 8 PM)??  Sean is sick and can't go so I have a FREE TICKET to the show, which is SOLD OUT otherwise.  If you're interested, drop me a text!! 631-714-9319.
Sweet respite... *snooze*
Waking from a really good dream into harsh reality is one of the great cruelties of life.  *groggy and disgruntled*
...and now back to my regularly scheduled severe dangerously-nihilistic depression. :D!!!1!1!!!1!!!!one!
Bored with cartoons & porn...time to sleep I guess. *blink, shrug, yawn*
It just occurred to me that two of my favorite songs are punk songs about gruesome abortions ("Bodies" by Sex Pistols and "Die of Shame" by Tilt)...man, I'm just not quite right, lol!
"Just another manic Monday"...nah, not really--if I was manic right now I'd probably be getting alot more done, lol!
Intelligence is a curse, life a senseless disease.  Gods grant me respite by death or lobotomy...
My, how the randomness abounds!...but I need some sleep.
Heh...:"God I wish that I could hide away//And find a wall to bang my brains//I'm living in a fantasy,//a nightmare dream...reality//People ride about all day//In metal boxes made away//I wish that they would drop the bomb//And kill these cunts//that don't belong! I hate people!//I hate the human race//I hate people!//I hate your ugly face//I hate people!//I hate your fucking mess//I hate people!//They hate me!"-Anti-Nowhere League
My foot is asleep...maybe it's trying to tell me I should be asleep, too...*conks*
Today's stream of consciousness: Hooray for comic books, poetry and nerds in general...forgot my phone at home today, blargh (couldn't reach me, that's why)...swamped at work...pretzels suck...missing NOLA (especially the Quarter) alot today for some reason..."the holidays" are annoying me already...Wikipedia is addictive...so is Facebook, gods help me...!
Holy shit, the sky is falling: my dad actually CHEERED ME UP out of a tough spot for once!  Maybe he's learning!  Or maybe it was a fluke...either way, I feel a lot better now!  :)  Dammit someone find me a good yoga studio now, lol!
Meh. Bleh. Feh!!
My body may be a medical nightmare, but at least it leaves me hangover-free for some reason, hah!  Glad to see everyone last night...thanks all for the *loves* and for those who were kind in the face of my drunken overhonesty, oy.
Never enough
needs a change. Anyone know any yoga studios in or close to the Smithtown//Kings Park area? Gotta find my zen again!
Sunday bloody Sunday...booooring...!
Just had a 20-minute conversation w// my dad about midget porn.  Sometimes he ain't half bad, lol...
It's amazing what you'll watch on TV when you stay up all night.
"Yes yes yes, effervescently meaningless..."
Getting another potential car checked out by my mechanic tomorrow...god I hope one of these fucking things works out soon! *blows up apartment*
What's black and green and red all over?  Me after the GWAR show, YEAH! XD  Time for the sleep of a lifetime now, though...damn.
Getting out of the house, yay!  Going with 'Anon' (lol) to eat curry and hang out with folks or someodd.  Man, anywhere's better than being stuck at my stupid apartment!
Sick of this nihilistic depression shit--fine, life may be meaningless, I may be right about all the other disturbingly bleak shit I've been thinking...but I'm not a self-killer so I'm stuck here--might as well pull it together and live this crazy life I've got anyway, eh?  Some change is in the works (just in time for the New Year, ironically).
Yes, I have no bananas...I have no bananas todayyyyy!
Going upstairs to beg my dad for some of the wonderful-smelling eggplant parm they just made! *crosses fingers* No food down here. :(
Me da is my hero right now...he found me some fucking NYQUIL!!  25 hours awake is waaaay more than enough (especially when I'm sick).  Going to go smoke with the ghost in the back of my head (heyy, random little-remembered song reference!).  GOODNIGHT FOLKS!!
Went to the latest Disney cartoon with my dad tonight...it was set in New Orleans and it was surprisingly pretty good. But it made me miss my NOLA soo much...as I told my dad, I'm sure I'll end up back home someday, but for now I need to be here. Sigh!   In other news, my cold is getting worse, blech. Trying everything I can to get rid of it quickly!
I gotta admit...Powerpuff Girls cracks me up! :P  Yeah, shush. In other news...FUCK I'm freezin' me arse off!
If I'm stuck in the house long enough, maybe I'll clean it!  That's looking on the bright side I guess...at least I'm in a better mood and a little less ill than yesterday, though maybe a little stir crazy--I found myself dancing to the Baskin *PROPNAME* 'ice cream and cake' commercial, lol!
Ugh...headache and some amount of nervousness.  Resurrection tomorrow night though, yay!  Night all...
Holy sinus headache, Batman! *left eyeball, unable to take the 'pressure,' explodes out of skull, shoots across room, lands in file drawer under "O" for "Owwww"*
Tis the season to cough up weird stuff...yecch.
Can't sleep--landmines in my mind.  Awake since 6 AM, ugh...
Happy thingy, people...
Ok...broken snow shovel, and the plow bastard we called is 2 hours late.  Don't mind too much that I'm missing work, but I DO mind that I have no food in the house and wanted to go BUY SOME FUCKING FOOD!  That plow motherfucker will be getting my SPACEBOOT up his PLOWTASTIC ASS!  As long as I don't pass out from starvation first, hmph.
Had bad dreams last night, some sobering thoughts on my mind...yet I'm still in a good mood today.  I don't get it, but I'm not complaining!
Sad & depressed as hell, but ROCKING the LIVING FUCK out...weird combination.
Supposedly Hauppauge means "land of sweet water."  Somehow I doubt the water's very "sweet" anymore, considering that Hauppauge is now an industrial district...
Dear Santa:  I know I'm a Grinch, but could you please bring me a computer repairman for Christmas?  I'll make you jambalaya...
"And life is thorny, and youth is vain
My car no longer screeches like a banshee passing kidney stones...thanks, Mr. Mechanic!  In other news, my 'simple' cold is worsening by the hour and I'm feverish...and all of the home remedies and cold meds I try are for naught!  Bah!
Well that was entertaining...got some of my dad's eggplant parm, but was treated to watching him, COMPLETELY sloshed, watch the Wizard of Oz and caterwaul all the words with both *PROPNAME* AND the wicked witch. He says the Wizard is a prick, by the way.  And, "Look! Look, Bev, they dropped a fuckin' house on her!!"
Sorry I had to bail so early on Sanctuary last night, folks...sick & tired does not a fun Bev make--sittin' in the corner like ol' granny watchin' the kiddies play outside! *scrunches nose*
I'm so pleased today I might start glowing! XD ...Hopefully more in a pleasant way than a radioactive way.  A new year is directly impending, YAY!!  Ecstatic for a symbolic fresh start// season of change, let me tell you!
Momentarily considered waxing poetic about the new year (one 'holiday' that is actually somewhat important to me), but it's all been said before, I'm sure.  Instead, I'm just gonna go get loads of sleep so I can enjoy tomorrow night's festivities wholeheartedly!
Second half of last week quite sucked and was uneventful to boot...may this week be an improvement!  *kicks suckiness repeatedly with pointy!pointy!shoes*
Dammit dammit I can't SLEEP!  Awake all night then tried to fall asleep for 4 hours.  At least if I had hypothermia I'd fall unconscious...hmm.  But that would require going outside...or, more importantly, moving.  Fuck that noise!
Hoping this insane wind doesn't blow me away to Oz...those Munchkins might've gone feral by now. *shudder*
I lahk the cut o' yerr jib...*licks teeth creepily*
Well...if my interactions and happenings of last night were any indication, 2010 may well be a pretty good year...but we'll see!  Happy new year, love y'all! :D
is currently being a disgruntled employee...grrr. *brandishes fist ineffectually*
Eh, why the hell not:  THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING. Lets see how honest my FB friends are. Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes ME. It can only be 1 word. No more than 1 word. Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you. Wonder how many brave friends will do this.
Busybusybusy! :D Out & about is much better than in and bored!
2010-wise, so far, so good!  Feeling pretty bloody fantastic compared to my emotional state of the last few months.  I've even been somewhat productive recently.  However, I am going home now
Sick as a dog and hoping it doesn't snow too much.
My mind feels like a murder-suicide.  I hate this life so much it hurts...and it hurts so much I've been rendered numb.
Re-conditioning my hands back into top gaming form--I used to be able to go all day (or for days) without a break (even to eat or go to the bathroom, lol...toldja I was obsessed!)
*sneeze, cough, snort* Blech!  Trying that Airborne shit TONIGHT!  At least I'm getting the screechy car fixed today.  Now if I could only find gloves that match eachother...*wearing one black leather glove and one knit blue striped glove*
"Is it special when you're lonely// do you spend your whole life// in a studio apartment// with a cat for a wife// The seasons, when they call you// do you barricade the door// are you stubborn, stubborn, stubborn to the core?...Then the longest winter// is on her way// you called her without knowing it// but now it's too late..." Trying to keep the zen, but it's hard to hang onto sometimes on nights like these.
Cold weather can bite me, and so can Christmas.  *sticks out tongue*  I'm doin' reasonably alright today but ehhhhh...got a 'eadache from 'ell.
*sigh*
OI!!!
Feeling DAMN GOOD headwise lately: forceful self-change of outlook, meds seem to be finally working, & I'm startin to get shit done! 'Course, meds need tweaking--one of 'em (dunno which) is also tryin to make me a zombie--not the fun movie kind, either: I get sleepy around 4 or 5 PM now
Sick as a dog and wishing my heat worked better. Hoping for as little snow as possible, under these circumstances!
hates crying, hates her health (or lack thereof), hates snow, and hates Christmas and its trappings of tomfoolery.  Today has become a day of hate. *angry pout*
*Rootin' around for 'retro' Bev pics*
Meow meow TIIIIIREDDDD meow meow. *pokes work with stick*
Hopin' I'll sleep tonight! Went from one extreme to the other--sleeping all the time to not sleeping at all. What an unpleasant adventure this is being!
Surreal night...I think I might've slept and just woke up every hour and lay awake for awhile before falling back asleep again--but conversely, I might've just lain awake and semi-insensible the whole night with periods of more awareness...not sure which!  Either way, I'm tired, but surprisingly decent otherwise!
Well, lived through the Carbon Monoxide shit, though it made me sick today--luckily not sick enough to go to the damn hospital I guess
WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!  (She says as she continues to be nerdy on her couch. :P)  Veggin' can be good when you're having sillyfuntime! :D  ...Takin' a vote though: after cartoons, shall I play arcadey fighters, RPGs, or go old-school?  Narrowed it down that far, but...so hard to choose hehe!
Have good weekend, meine leibschen, yes yes!  I kiss you, muah!  (Me, hausfrau?!  Nein, NEIN!!!)
Ehh...bite me!
"Some of the shows on MTV are not my cup of tea...mainly because I don't like huge pieces of shit in my tea!"
doesn't get it--even when I get enough sleep, I run out of energy LONG before the day is over...what gives?!  This rampant exhaustion really puts a cramp on my life & times...and now I'm gonna go sleep some more.  Hmph!
*sigh*
I try to keep my health complaints to others to a minimum these days, but...well, let's just say FUCK.  Sometimes I feel like being such a survivor is goddamned overrated.
Sleepytime at last!  Bundled up in blankets like fuckin' Jesus inna manger.  Or medieval couples that weren't sposed to fuck yet, lol.  Fuck off, snow!
So very frustrated...& kinda sad. And so fucking sleepy...god DAMN these meds, I'm sleeping my life away.
MEHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHURRRRRGHHHHHHHH.....
is ok now.
Why do I insist on eating popsicles in winter?  OM NOM NOM
The cleaner my apartment gets, the more of my hobbies I get back into (partially because I can find my stuff again, lol!)...YAYYY!  First one to return: gaming.  I might not get back to the rest of those erstwhile hobbies for awhile, though--I tend to get quiiite obsessive about my vidya games, hehe...
It liiiives!!!  (Meds adjusted--we'll see if I stay awake today! *blinkblink*)
*shrug* Eh.
is trying not to be grumpy.
Ok lady I love you buh-bye! *finally leaves house*
Off to prepare for a night of festivitation...2010 here we come, haharr!
Getting ready for ma belle *PROPNAME*'s birthday whatnottery...may I not fall asleep face-down in cake this evening!*crosses fingers*
Hangin' with *PROPNAME*...stay awake, stay awake! *pokes self with fork*
Dear car battery: Why are you dead again?  What am I going to do with you?? (No, really--what am I supposed to do with it?)  You make me sad. ://
Hmm...it's hard to play 'find the smell' in your apartment when it's so cold that sniffing the air hurts!  But why the fuck does my place smell like a lawnmower anyway?!
Frisky Dingo makes my chest hurt...with laughing! I need to get Season 2 STAT. Damn, I would PILLAGE for some bourbon chicken right now! Glad *PROPNAME* is finally back in town...good times man! :D
Taken off the troublesome med! Back to Bev as usual now I guess.
BRRR!  "Stiff Little Fingers" indeed!
doesn't know what to think.
Upon taking a brief hiatus from facebook--holy SHIT, too many updates to read! *mind boggles*
just remembered a TV ad from her childhood in the 'glorious' south: horribly fat, hideous ANGELS with big ol' hair, Tammy-Faye-esque makeup, and (of course) heavy southern accents hollering "DON'T YOU BUY NO UUG-LY TRUUCK!" Cracked me up then, cracks me up now, HAHA!
Meow?
Too lazy to scan 'retro' pics right now--fuck it, maybe later. I notice that I pretty much look the same as I have for the past ~15 years (kinda freaky!!)...thus, it's hard to tell what year a photo is from. Oddly enough, my skin was better when I was a teenager than it is now!
Black.
Well, meds situation is not ideal by any means (zombieish again) but it's a vast improvement on the last few days of horror!
I think I've finally found the right med...this must be what normal people feel like!
I feel pretty spiffy today--befuddling my dad with random comments, doin' my weird acrobatics and dances, singin' wordless nonsense songs...alot better than medicated zombie Bev (though admittedly alot more absurd, LOL)!  Sure spices up the office though haha--as long as I don't careen into the conference table!  :D
Fucking CARBON MONOXIDE alarm's going off repeatedly again tonight! Opened the windows & garage doors
has been too busy living life to spend much time on facebook this week--just the way I like it! :D
Whew.
Got to be 'early to rise' tomorrow, so I'ma try to be 'early to bed' tonight...thusly, going to bed now
is amused at the universe today. *cracks up*
Hm...started the day out feeling ok, but now I feel like three-week-old leftovers molding in the back of a broken fridge in Hell...yes, a Hell-fridge. Guess work doesn't agree with me!
Been trying to catch up on sleep since I pretty much hadn't slept in 3 days...woken up by the Carbon Monoxide alarm, and it's the real deal.  My dad opened the window by the furnace and my living room window and went back to bed, nice.  Hmm...gonna go back to sleep if possible and hope halfheartedly that I'm still alive in the morning.#SEPARATOR#made it safely to italy :) 22 hour trip lol havent slept one sec the whole time will upload pics of my trip soon and through out the month.
I just saw District 9! Probably one of the best sci-fi movies I have ever seen. I recommend anyone that likes action and a good story to go see this movie!
On my way to get my license! Don't have a car yet though...lol
Getting my license finally! lol...you know what they say...2nd time's a charm :P
Leaving for italy tomorrow yay!!!! I will be back on august 6th. wont be able to text till then lol cya!
Football practice was actually pretty fun. I have no idea how I shaved off almost a minute off of my mile time. I ran a mile in 5:38...I think I'm amazing lol
I think some people need to take life less seriously...
will be back in the U.S. the 7th. i got a sexy tan at the beach lol
Going to bed. Football practice in the morning...guess who didnt work out like they should have been? ME!!! YAY!!!.....//cry
School! yay :D
Just got back from the first day of school! Was actually fun except for a few rules. I am looking forward to having fun in every class lol ...and...I'm a SENIOR w00t!
Anybody that has any classes with me know any other homework we had besides english?
People need to take a breather and chill once in a while and not let the little nuisances of life get to their heads... we only have one life and there is not point to wasting it being angry about nothing...
w00t go huskies!
The fair was really fun today. I was trying to get hypnotized when my phone went off right next to me...booo
Good god the volleyball game was amazing! Congratulations to all the players for a great game! btw I would also like to add that our cheering tonight was crazy for only like 10 kids lol
meh idk if im gonna do anything for tomorrows dressup day. I dont have any old people clothes :\
What homework did we have today, if any?
Anybody have pictures of jordan and I from todays spirit day?
w00t got my license! Yay now I can drive my non existent car haha
is happy for school to start :D
Homecoming was amazing! I had so much fun lol Here's hoping for a fun fright fest :)
HA! who new that you cant take your driving test without proof of insurance!? Silly me.... -_-' ugh now I have to take it next week wednesday...yay
Why is it soo cold?! Damn you winter lol
Let me know if you think of everyone meeting at my house and then heading out to the vollwyball game in costumes and then all heading back to my house for the party is a good idea :)
OMG fright fest was sooo fun even though it was FREEZING! :D I recommend the next time anyone rides a roller coaster to go with your eyes closed...so scary lol
Maybe we will also go out as a huge goup and trick-or-treat :) If you need directions just ask me in a message.
Alright i'm trowing a Halloween costume party at my house on Saturday the 31st. There will be music, games, scary movies and my mom's food! Dont be too extravagant with your costumes, anything simple will do :) If you dont "dress up" people are going to paint your face any way they like lol. You can come anytime in the afternoon after 6 p:m.
OMG what topic should I write my persuasive speech on?!
Off to football :)
hello world i am alive and happy again :)
Hurt my leg today. Might have a stress fracture not sure yet. I can walk on my leg but it HURTS lol anyways cant wait to see the volley ball game! The Halloween party is still on tonight at my house. I live like 10 mins away from chief leschi so transportation shouldnt be that big of a problem
Everyone, i have a confession to make.  I have turned bisexual, and am now a tranny.
wOOt i'm 18 and loving it :D
Just went to a sushi bar by my house for my birthday and it was delicious :D
Well now that i'm 18 i have to be careful or i could go to big boy jail lol
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
omg I just started out on P90X...my first day and it kicked my ass! lol these are gonna be a fun 90 days :)
I feel right now as if I can't get a hold of anything....like everything is so far away but so close at the same time...just out of my reach. I want to do something about it, I want to say things, I want to do things....but I don't know where to start. Maybe I'm thinking too much into it...maybe the answer is easy and simple...If only...
I just got my new phone and it refuses to copy all my contact info from the SIM to the phone so if I had your number please send me it. Thanks :)
This...day...is...so...slowwwwww
Yay, left my phone, wallet, keys and my FREAKING ALTOIDS on the bus lol anyways gratz kurbis on being a grandpa :)
Keep voting till your fingers bleed dammit!
KEEP VOTING!
w00t polls are closed, we won, and I'm getting a freaking cake!
http:////www.q13fox.com//videobeta//watch//?watch=0766bc7f-d0bf-481b-98b5-139cbefddafa&src=front This is the link to the video highlights of the girls game last night. The girls game is at the end.
omfg facebook, I don't give a shit about who joined what group or who became a fan of...whatever! Lame lame lame...
Thanks markelle for making my super bowl "party" a lot more entertaining than it would have been....oh and the dollar I won from you was a pretty sweet victory  haha :P#SEPARATOR#108. Nearly in double digits.
157
*has to call the helpdesk for my mobi carrier* to do that I have to charge my phone and to do that I need to find an adaptor. *sigh* why is this holiday so complicated. If it's not one thing that's gone missing, it's another. Or not knowing something that
168. That's it.
Is nearly ready to say flipside to Egypt. Just got a Hard Rock Cafe to go :S PS: Still doesn't like anything alcoholic.
*loves the irony* I've been fine for months... Today I feel like Death warmed up... I leave in 13 hours. :S
has access to money again. Unfortunately, it appears to have cost him his typing skills :P
Knows two things about travelling if nothing else. (1) Make sure to have atleast two account cards when you leave home. (2) Make sure to have booked everything before you need it so you don't end up getting stuck in one place longer than you wanted.  And I think I may know why my card didn't work yesterday... gonna try it out tomorrow if I can.
*is in Brunei without a mobile containing international roaming* stupid people who I asked to set it up for me months and months ago... Maybe it's just in the airport though... Hope so.
was really stressing about Visas and stuff for his 6 week vacay... But is no longer after speaking to people and doing stuff, he feels that his holiday should go fairly fine.
is with rellies... has three days.. is wondering who'll he'll meet next. in UK
why does the only major change on the German keyboard *have* to be a 'Y' 'Z' swap? I use the letter y so often. it's annoying.
waaa! It's like only a week until I'm home now... Which means work... Anyone wanna buy my love? :P Nah... you probably couldn't afford me anyway.
60.5... Cogito ergo es.
I wonder if my parents will be able to book my flight before I need to get on it.
Athens (Athina) is pretty cool. Even though I've not yet strayed more than 500m from my hotel :P Here til Friday then Germany gets to see me :S
Aswan, Egypt. Nuff said.
is wondering why he seems to manage to lose everything that he needs to keep a hold of?
is nearing the end of his time in Egypt. Watch out Europe because here I come.
Do you know that 10 minutes equals 72 hours?
Who's up for racing around Perth with me?
came Fourth in the Race Around Perth today. is super happy about that.
Forgot about the Berlin Atheltics occuring this week :S Still. I have a room and it finished with the marathon today so it won't be a problem any more.
I should just dry my hair and get the torture over with already. :P
my jacket it falling to pieces. But other than that, I'm on track to finish my outfit in time for the con. :P
I knew I shoulda scrapped my cosplay hours ago and claimed the sleep. my mum just laughed at me. Gyah!!!!!
If my maths is correct, I should have a touch over $3500 to -SPEND- in Japan. That's after airfares, accom, JR pass and possibly some//most activities... but before buying my ticket to the Studio Ghibli Museum. Whooot!
is serverely disappointed about what he just learnt.#SEPARATOR#is a baller.
cannot get enough of "The Sweet Breathing of Plants."  Everyone should read it.  Everyone.
is a salmonberry-making pie fool.#SEPARATOR#Todays flight will being heading from Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport to Dever International Airport. Our approximate time in the air will be about two hours and thirty minutes reaching an altitude of 35,000 feet (Flight level 350). I'd like to personally thank you for flying Frontier Airlines. Flight attendants, prepare for take off.
I am being called to be a man of the cloth. But is that what I will be happy doing? God or the girl?
"Make sure your seat-backs and trays are in their up-right and lock positions and thank you for flying American Airlines. Flight attendants...prepare for take off."
Just a lazy day on the lake...if only the rain would stop so I could go out on the lake.
Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day
Can I possibly love her?
We remember...we believe. Have you forgotten how you felt that day, when your homeland was under fire, and your people blown away? ...In a crowded room do you feel alone? Faith, hope, and love, are some good thing He gave us, but the greatest is love.
Sometime the military [Air Force] isn't really smart about money.
God is more interested in what we are than what we do. That's why we're called human beings, not human doings. ~Thanks Vocation Boom
"Cheese is the Devil's plaything."
Why do we give people titles because of what they do and not who they are? This is what bothers me, but maybe I'm just waiting for a world that sees people not for what they do but who they are.
Just played and sang a buch of Chirstmas music for a General of the United Sates Air Force's reception. There were so many "big-wigs" there and it was a blast. Not to mention there was a cute girl bartending...great night.
The Monastery of Our Lady of the Holy Spirit in Conyers, Georgia was so beautiful. There is nothing like waking up at 4 o'clock for vigils, a morning prayer prayed in the Liturgy of the Hours. Then have lauds mixed with Mass...beautiful!
"We are waiting, hopeful anticipation, we are waiting, come Lord come..." I can almost hear the Hallelujah chorus from Handel's Messiah!
One and a half how drive in unplowed interstate roads at 0330 hrs., deicing of a plane, take off, crusing at flight level 330, tiny airplane...but at least I am headed to 80 degree weather. The temperature in Denver is 6 degrees. Brr
We have seen them wear purple for four Sundays, maybe even rose for one of those Sundays. We have prepared our heart, mind, and soul. We now await for His coming... "O Emmanuel, king and lawgiver, desire of the nations, Savior of all people, come and set us free, Lord our God."
Seventh day of Christmas!!! I still hear the church bells ringing and Handel's Hallelujah Chorus!! Glory to God in the highest and on earth peace to all good men!!!
"Flight attendants cross check and prepare for landing." "Welcome to Tampa, Flordia where the local time is 3:50 PM and a comfortable 68 degrees."
"The star burnned like a flame, pointing the way to God, the King of kings
"...For you, my child, shall be called the prophet of the Most High for you will go before the Lord to prepare his wayto give his people knowledge of salvation..."#SEPARATOR#got his permit.
has the flu and is under quarantine.  No school, no computer.  Stuck in bed.
has beat the new Kingdom Hearts, and based on when the other games came out relative to Japan, the new one should probably be out in April or May.
I'm flu free. Anyone wanna do something, cause i'm really bored.
is losing his fricken voice.
"Friends, you shall drip rubies. You'll soon drip precious rubies."
got Brutal Legend.
found his wallet.
is losing his fricking voice.
is completely disappointed with the *PROPNAME* movie.#SEPARATOR#Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures WITHOUT your permission. Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the Logout link. Select PRIVACY. Then select NEWSFEEDS and WALL. Next select the tab FACEBOOK ADS. There is 
thanks 4 all d greetings guys.. did have a happy birthday :) hope all of you have a good day
another day.. another chance.. Good day everyone :)
Negative A blood urgently for a little girl at the Rainbow ward suffering from a stomach tumour. Could you please make an announcement at your respective lists to see if anyone could donate. This is a rare blood group. If you have anyone, they need to urg
wow *PROPNAME*.. i gotta steal this from you for those friends of mine who are not in your list: "Fight for it! Don’t give up no matter how hopeless it seems right now, even when you’ve lost hope and angry, because years from now your gonna look back and wish you gave it one more shot -BECAUSE THE BEST THINGS DONT COME EASY"
i'm amazed :)
Prayers needed for 12yr old boy who, after a serious car crash, is now in a critical coma. Pls. change your status for 1 hr so more people can become aware and add to the prayers. We would do it for your son or relative, pls. do this for somebody else's son. Thank you. Pls copy this and paste..
"minds are like parachutes - they only function when open" *PROPNAME*
stop and think...
"Those great hopes and dreams and ideals of yours are not dead, if you let God breathe into them the breath of fresh life." - *PROPNAME* RT *PROPNAME*
"if you accept defeat, then that's what you'll get" - from Facing The Giants
"The best mind-altering drug is truth." - *PROPNAME*
anyone knows of an interesting//good job guys?
wherever you go, whatever you do.. do so whole-heartedly
very tired.. happy with work done.. but still so much more to do!
"oye, piensa en tu futuro, no pierdas mas tempo... es muy importante mirar para adelante" wonderful artist.. great song.. wonderful message :)
great weekend so far: friday enjoyed meeting wonderful ppl I had not seen for a long time.. yest night wonderful time in malta.. now realllyyyy looking forward to later on today :) (will get working to finish work asap & enjoy my sunday afterwards)
the weekend.. & why not the weekstart? looking forward to start the week in a great way :)
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT: If you're reading this,whether we do or don't speak very often, please post a comment of your first memory of you & me. When you're finished, post this paragraph in your status
woww! soo busy.. but working to create some time to relax during this weekend :)
gotta assume your responsibility and move forward.. get going!
listening to some rock while preparing lessons! great mix ee!
a good weekend.. this week's busy (kumbinazjoni!) imma ghaddejjin bil-momentum & looking forward to the future :)
never thought I'd be jealous of a fish in an aquarium! only for a sec tho! lol
life is a not-so-easy mountain climb.. but woww.. the view is amazing!
have a merry christmas, un joyeux noel, un buon natale, feliz navidad u il-Milied it-tajjeb! for all of you who don't celebrate Christmas, may you have a great day full of peace and happiness :)
Happiness comes only by sharing - Napoleon Hill... & starting holidays helps as well I guess 
preparing exam papers!! Vive les vacances!!!
Dear God, I pray for the cure of cancer! ? (93% of fb users will not copy & paste this)....if you know someone who had cancer or fighting cancer please paste this to your status
great ending to 09 and awesome beginning of 2010! :) have a very happy new year all
rainbow colours!!! x'izzik uu dal-kuluri kollha minand nies differenti aaa?? jw jin biss ma nafx? lol
why do i have to keep facing the only people who I can't stand: liars & double-faced people?? Well, I guess that's part of life :(
last work for 2009 ready!! now starting my nye :) have a very happy new year all.. may it bring you all that you wish for
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life
The LAST GOOD DEED of the MALTESE Lira .....(2) If you have any Maltese coins, you can kindly donate them to YMCA
1st day new job.. jidher nice.. & woww, it was destiny! used to want to do this job but then thought I wouldn't end up doing this!!
it's true.. "the best things don't come easy".. what I can't understand is why you'll always find someone who tries to f**k it all up
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments.
already at the end of 2nd week at st.albert's.. so far so good.. im enjoying it :)#SEPARATOR#work 9-3 then going to see Pirate Radio with *PROPNAME*!
going my brothers paper route again, french class, work 3:30 to close and then home where I plan to collapse.
so sleepy and cold, class til 7:30 and then to *PROPNAME*'s for the night
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
work 9-3:30 then getting my nails done and possibly my hair
at school til 7:30 then home where I will hopefully get to watch ANTM from last night
school until 7:30 then home to see *PROPNAME*. Happy Anniversary!
Je deteste le francais.
I do not enjoy being awake early. School and then work.
work 9 to 3:30 then errands, then the movies with Alex.
I'm eating a bagel. Does anyone care? Probably not. School until 7:30
My God, I just got so much homework done. I should not have class everday.
Work 9-2 then  going to see Where the Wild Things Are with *PROPNAME* :)
research, homework, french class, work, *PROPNAME*
the spaces between my fingers are where yours fit perfectly :) School til 7:30
work 9-close
research, school until 7:30 and then *PROPNAME*'s house
Research meeting, french, and then work 3:30 to close, alone with Becky. :(
Research and work 3:30 to close
boo for no halloween parties
work 9:30 to close. Happy Halloween!
In the lab finishing up my human sexuality paper (hopefully), then french class at 12:50 and then work 3:30 to close.
Reasearch, French class, work and then finally *PROPNAME*
un examen francais and then work 3:30 to close and then studying for my quiz tomorrow.
Signed up for winter classes. I only have two psych classes and directed research study. Next semester is going to be great!
I have to write a six page peper on women's pornography use, then class from 4:00 til 7:30 and then *PROPNAME*'s house for the night.
today is my day off! Going to *PROPNAME*'s to sort is comics and then maybe see A Cristmas Carol
French class and then work. Bad, bad day.
School til 7:30 then home to see *PROPNAME*
cognitive psych test and then alex's for the night
Making baked apples with a cocoa butter filling and creme angliase. Hopefully they're good.
off to find food somewhere on campus
homework and room cleaning then watching lord of the rings with *PROPNAME*
Research, tea at Freer house, colloquia lecture, three classes and then finally to *PROPNAME*'s for the night. The only thing making this day better is that I get free food.
Research at 12 and then classes after til 7:30 and then finally *PROPNAME*'s house for the night!
I have to be back to work in less than twelve hours
only one more class and then it's the weekend!
work 9 to close
Home! Time to clean up and decorate the christmas tree.
*PROPNAME*'s?
doing my brothers paper routes, then french class, then work, then finally home
Working 11-close then going to the movies with *PROPNAME*, either to see The Men Who Stare at Goats or Christmas Carol
bad mood. I'm going to punch someone in the face.
Working in the lab, french oral exam, and then going to TAc becuase they're still charging me even though my membership should have ended in October.
it's 6:30 and I already want to go to sleep.
Going to my meme's to decorate her Christmas tree, then hanging out with *PROPNAME*. Maybe making some cookies tonight?
working 10-close and then maybe the movies again?
research, psych quiz, homework, cog psych, and then *PROPNAME*'s for the night.
Work 11-close and then going to see New Moon with *PROPNAME*! I can't wait!
research, poster day, french class (je deteste), work 3:30 to close, then finally home. Long day today.
out for the night i guess
One final down, two to go :)
research, un examen francais, work, and then home for the night.
this is just not my week
research meeting, school until 7:30, then *PROPNAME*'s house.
work 10 to close
Two finals today then over to *PROPNAME*'s for the night.
Guess whose place of work got broken into last night? That's right, mine.
Christmas tea with the females of  my mom's family, then home to bake cookies. Maybe out later.
Research meeting and then home to study for finals. *PROPNAME*'s house later.
French 12:50 to 2:40 and then work 3:30 to close.  I seriously wish I could just skip all of it.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Research, decorating Christmas cookies, work 4-close and then *PROPNAME*'s for the night.
Research, french class, and then possibly work? I don't know, no one told me!
baking pies and cleaning the house before going to a *PROPNAME* family Christmas party!
So many cookies haha
Running some errands maybe, cleaning my room and then playing band hero
Research and then french class with awesome taped together glasses. Woo.
Going back to sleep!
studying for my french oral exam (hopefully my partner shows up), research, class til 7:30 and then *PROPNAME*'s house for the night.
I can't get into farmville :(
golf and alcohol don't mix and that's why I don't drink and drive- work 3:30 to close and then the movies with *PROPNAME*
Research, classes til 7:30 and the to *PROPNAME*'s house to watch So You Think You Can Dance and Chopped.
mac and cheeeeese
sleepy time
studying and then work 3:30 to close
work 10-close and then home becuase I'm going to smell from the 450 pieces of bacon we have to make :(
I have to run errands but it's cold outside so I really don't want to.
work from 10 to 10
work 10-8 and then *PROPNAME*'x for the night
Cleaning the house and getting a haircut. *PROPNAME*'s over later for Christmas Eve.
Merry Christmas!!!
work from 11:30 to 10. Long day.
Research, bank, home
class, research, class, home
going to see Crazy Heart ad go out to dinner in Royal Oak
volunteering and then lab time and then running errands.
Research and more research and then work 3:30 to 11:00 where I will probably work on more research
waiting for *PROPNAME* to get out of school. I should probably do something productive with my time.
school til 5-ish then home to work on some homework
is a female who has the body of a goddess and the brain of a genius. Men are drawn to her good looks and her awsome sense of humour. Out of all the females in the world its the Erins who rule. (urban dictionary)
working out, Target, and the starting the immense amount of reading I have to do.
colloquia with lunch, research stuff, and then home to clean my room
Research and then work 4-close
School til five then home to do homework and relax.
research and then work 3:30 til close
POTATOES!
working 9:15 to close, then who knows
It seems like everytime I get used to Facebook, they change everything around.#SEPARATOR#is a Stanford graduate and leaves for Beijing tomorrow.
found red bean paste in her chocolate croissant this morning, and reluctantly switched her inner monologue from French back to Chinese.
struggles to say that she's taking a class on "Networking" with a straight face.
is energized by super last minute flights, and very grateful to *PROPNAME*'s mother.
is enchanted by this website (http:////www.inbflat.net//), even if her chinese internet can't load fast enough to properly display the videos.
got six pairs of shoes for Christmas.  It might officially be time for her to stop wearing her much loved Cirque du Soleil flip-flops.
just finished a Christopher Lin-induced SNES binge.  Donkey Kong Country: complete.  Aladdin: lamentably ongoing.  There's a party here in Agrabah, if you care to revitalize her Arabian efforts.#SEPARATOR#This week, Kelsey gets a LITA STAR for her authorship of "core char," short for core characters of a show, movie, novel, etc., etc.  Thank you Kelsey for your contribution to  "Great Phrases of our Time."
is drowning in a sea of irrelevance.
today has been rewinding the look Speaker *PROPNAME* gave to Rep. *PROPNAME* last night and has checked back into Leviathan by Hobbes "the life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short".
September is the January in fashion...
Lindsay is back all you freshman bitches!
Carlos had a Lita-rrific night at Moustrap last night
s love for Lindsay Lohan is just like an investor's commitment to a high performing mutual fund...he's in it for the long-term.
is celebrating with Speaker *PROPNAME* on the passage of health reform in the House
I want someone to take me on a giddy stratosphere...
love is like cherry pie
is a new man
is so excited!! His sister is engaged and is getting married in July!!
recently found a present from his best friends @*PROPNAME*, @*PROPNAME* and @*PROPNAME*. Contained in the envelope mailed from their lovely home on Munson Road, which had a bathroom right out the movie "Trainspotting", were several mini-size wired hangers. So sweet of them, so Mommy fu#$%# dearest of them..
Can't get enough of *PROPNAME* and plans on seeing her in DC on March 27th
is determined to find the right tattoo and its placement
saw the magnetic fields last night...the show was like "icecream and orgasms".
has found another reason not to adopt a child at this time in his life...it's called the movie "Orphan".  Check in if you haven't.
is glad that he caught a bit of "*PROPNAME*'s Drag Race" last night.  *PROPNAME* stepped it up a notch with the show setting and hair//makeup.  The competition is fiercer than ever...It reminds him of the transition "America's Next Top Model" from Cycle 1 to Cycle 2.  He's feelin "totes reality" right now.
recently found a present from his best friends *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.  Contained in the envelope mailed from their lovely home on Munson Road, which had a bathroom right out the movie "Trainspotting", were several mini-size wired hangers.  So sweet of them, so Mommy fu#$%# dearest of them...
Im sorry Jay I should have included you in that pranck as well.  I miss you man.  I was looking at old pics of "Raised".  I couldn't have done it without you.  You will always have a special place in my heart#SEPARATOR#can't wait to have all the stuff moved into the new place in Oak Park today!
is glad that apparently there is no law of diminishing comedic returns with space poop
can't believe we ordered the 250,000 chocolate bag at Red Light and won four free chef's tasting meals, complete with wine pairings!
is slightly disappointed to find out that you harvest horsehair from the horses on Farmville rather than, say, glue or dog food.  Does that make me a bad person?
is not happy that *PROPNAME* pulled a Blaise.  I'll still go to your restaurant *PROPNAME*!
is wondering if both of these teams should be kicked out of the NFL.  I think the top 5 NCAA teams could easily beat either of these teams.
thinks they should add tomacco as a crop on farmville.
Out of work as of January 15th, anybody with any leads in structural engineering, please let me know.
just received an extra 360 kb of storage for his computer in the form of a 5 1//4" floppy from the guy near me who's retiring.  It's going to come in handy for that extra 20 seconds of music that won't fit on my hard drive.
thinks you guys have more brains than a zombie Thanksgiving.
Sex can screw things up.  Why do you think the Three Stooges went through so many *PROPNAME*'s?
Bad Office!  You know better than to do a clip show.
I don't mean to swear, but I am really irritated right now!
has the same feelings about Up in the Air as Homer did about the three little pigs animatronics at Storytime Village.  "That was good... but not great."
just found out that *PROPNAME* wrote both the Band-Aid song and the State Farm song.  *PROPNAME*.  For real.  I couldn't believe it either.
Why am I always asleep during the earthquakes?  I never feel them!
is watching the USA play Switzerland in hockey and thinks the announcers should say that the Swiss team is full of holes.#SEPARATOR#wonders if people read his profile.
is transferring again.
chicka chicka slim shady
gold *PROPNAME*, gold!
thinks "juice" is the funniest word.
probably won't be at UConn this fall. still not sure what i AM doing though.
is going to Post this year.
"Paradise by the Dashboard Light" by Meat Loaf is my new favorite song. :-)
is so content with everything right now. music is so beautiful. The 90s is probably my favorite era. really wanna be back in school. what's that, I'm random? random is my chinese neighbor's middle name. except it's my middle name and I don't really have a
is killin time. DIE TIME!
something is missing.
whoa whoa whoa when i meant 8 pages in 2 hours...i meant READING!
8 pages in 2 hours...not bad. well, really bad actually! extremely bad what the hell am I saying "not bad" hahahaaaaaaaaaa
blah!
hasn't eaten in like 4 hours! enjoying my salami sub now...
man it feels good to be on top of my school shit.
is chillin chillin like a villain straight up out the ghetto mo fo... ...had to re-bust out that line at some point.
pickles and onions!
is bein a gangsta as usual.
weird virus-type thingy just happened with facebook. closed facebook and a window popped up, "about:blank" in the address bar, with practically infinite tabs all with facebook...the computer was freezing up too badly to see what they all were.
misses being Danimal.
loves his poster of a chimp with a sunflower in his mouth. just thought i'd put that out there.
"I let the melody shine, let it cleanse my mind, I feel free now!"
it's my birthday wahooooooooo
there's no Hartford, CT network anymore?
s gotta get a damn camera!
loves how you can rent movies on itunes and watch them on your ipod. who woulda thought? freakin crazy. just watched The Girl Next Door...such a good movie.
cannot do a SINGLE Magic Eye thingy! it's soooooooooooo frustrating...
buy my car! http:////hartford.craigslist.org//cto//1471852203.html
wonders if you can block invites from one person. anyone know?
is so hungry he can eat a horse. original i know. i can't think of original shit on an empty stomach!
has to put off the procrastinating till later...it's time to get shit DONE. but then again, it won't be procrastinating once the shit is done...it'll just be straight chillin. can't wait!
needs more light in this place.
what to do what to doooo
has mad work to do. and my birthday is tomorrow, how bout that!
is lovin "verse chorus verse" (Nirvana of course)
is ridiculously bored.
salami is like a drug. i've been an addict for years
has been paying more attention lately to what he doesn't like than what he already likes, then deciding to either like it or understand why some people would like it. it's mind-expanding, literally!
is hungry as always
runnin at the park, finishing my room, laundry.........maybe walmart later. walmart has such good deals it's ridiculous.
really gotta go skiing. soon. i just GOTTA!
chillin manggggggggg. ya know what would be good right now? a mango. that's not code for anything...i mean a MANGO straight up no joke fo sheezy
perfectly clear sky tonight, the stars are lookin beautiful...merry christmas everyone!
has a love//hate relationship with snow. notice love is in the numerator! haaaaa i'm so stupid!
cause all I really want's to be with you, feelin like I matter too. if I hadn't blown the whole thing years ago, I might be here with you
wants to do something so damnit that's what i'll do!.............busy doing something now.................
iss ok iss ok
loves loves loves the gin blossoms!
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeep
countdown to florida...ONE DAY
countdown to florida: TWO DAYS
RIP *PROPNAME* you were the bad-ass-est dirty dancer in Dirty Dancing...
GOT A FOUR POINT OH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AFTER A ZERO POINT ZERO LAST SEMESTER WOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#SEPARATOR#A computer again!  Oh how much I missed having one of these things!
Where did summer go?
Packing and Panicking look awfully similar.
Well, now time for a near trans-continental train ride!
wants to know who decided Pages shouldn't be able to open a .doc?
Sunday is Studyday.
has been told she is not allowed to go to Milwaukee for the funeral by her mother and is instructed to by a bottle of champange and share it.
INTERNET!
Balkanization of the MEDIA!
What kind of school doesn't have free printing for studetns and libraries that close at five?
why is Facebook always more interesting when I have a paper to write?
doesn't like when it seems like her entire room leaves for the weekend.   (Hope you all have fun.)
is tired, hungry, and stressed.
wishes *PROPNAME* would answer his phone so she could stop worrying.
needs to explore Seattle more.
reads [sic] as a big fat underline under a grammatical mistake someone else made.
keeps coming to the conclusion that *PROPNAME* is an ass.
is probably more territorial over her beer than her boy.
Pumpkin soup is glorious.
woke up with Queen in her head.
finished her reading for Intro before midnight.
... Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize?  Weird.
Penguins are very cute and very boring.
is doing well know she everything is okay.
Rose Bubble Tea!  Greatest Idea EVER!
should stop going on Facebook because it reminds her of how much she misses *PROPNAME*.
has a paper!
really wants to move into her appartment.
really hates sending emails to people she doesn't know asking for stuff.
wants to know why *PROPNAME* reminds her of *PROPNAME*.
Do I want another grilled cheese?
finally made herself send out that application for an internship in the Philippines.
got a box full of yarn.
had a chocolate cupcake, which magically made everything better.
made cookies.  Her work here is done.
has a *PROPNAME* in Seattle!
likes food.
should probably stop her habit of late night crocheting.
my penguins are smaller than your penguins.
you know things are bad when eating feels like procrastination.
But isn't the history of Byzantine Empire basic knowledge?
is still on Seattle time.
has a place to live in Seattle!
!!!  Thank you everyone (times a lot) for the birthday wishes!   And a Happy New Years to everyone!
just found a new favorite banana bread rescipe.
probably should change her current city from E. Lansing....
is thinking she should  have done the six year plan...#SEPARATOR#rejects your reality and substitutes his own.
why? i am.
"I'm sorry, I'm about to lose you because I'm about to drive into a tunnel in a canyon on an airplane while hanging up the phone." - House
is sad that he missed out on fun to go work for ~7+ hours
it will be hot for the next few days, but it looks like we should be getting a denser cloud of percipitation coming over san diego soon which should help cool things down a few degrees. but don't hold me to it i'm not an actually meterologist so my interpertation of the satalite imagery might be off a little.
thinks that sleep is a good idea and who ever invented sleep deserves a cookie. a big cookie. with chocolate chips. fresh from the oven. back to my point, sleep = good.
First day of school = tired + scared for when real work comes.
is amazing of course, and the Apples to Apples champion.
never relized how tiring it is to be social for exstended periods of time.
is watching reruns of House on Hulu. House rocks, and when he comes back in two weeks we will see how much worse the crazy people are when House goes at them.
is excited that he was able to perdict the weather by properly interperting satilite imagery!!
WINS! take that MalMal
is going to be full of himself for no real reason for the next couple of hours. He also made really good chocolate chip cookies, from scratch by hand.
just got a shot in his ass for his headache, that works like how he imagines works like Vicodin for House's leg. Minus the addictive part that is. Basicly *PROPNAME* is in a good mood now that he isn't in pain.
I have my car back!! *does happy dance* No one witnessed that.
is praying for a phone call from the doctors saying the neurologist accepted his referal and will see him soon.
was at UC yesterday and apologizes if he seemed a little out of it today. They gave him another pain shot.
just spent a half hour ductaping a tin can only to through it out. Then spent about an hour playing with ductape, and made pouch that he will never use. *PROPNAME* feels really cool right now. :)
"I just want you to know that I'm saying something brilliant. I'm just not explaining it very well."
has the systems for higher brain function and complex thought offline at the moment. We apologize for any incovience. (such as the spelling of this update)
MR. FROSTY, that is the grand finish of a good summer.
has decided that the laws of physics must not apply to his project. one side takes 21.59 seconds to drain water to the other side. The other side takes fron 58.9 seconds to 80.4 seconds to empty. The same results happen over and over with no explanation
"Just because I know everything doesn't mean I'll be telling you anything true."
s mind has decided to check out for a while. It left a note saying it should be back around 11 am tomorrow.
s head would explode if his skull wasn't being hammered on by numerious sledge hammers. needless to say my headache has decided over the counter painkillers only make it more angry.
"... and then I have a witty response." -House
I'm on call, to be there.
"Its only illegal if you get caught, assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place"
feels the need to say something deep and profound, but its very late and he is tired from his workout today. With those conditions this is the best he's got.
does all his status updates in 3rd person. This will likely never change.
is exhausted, stressed, and is having an awarding winning bad luck streak in terms of things going his way. But for whatever reason was nominated for the homecoming courts.
is tired and probably sick but likes to stay positive and think its just allergies(pretty sure thats spelled wrong too). But had an amazing time at a murder mystery party being the main investigator, and was close to getting the right answer but didn't have enough information. He also intends to finish polishing an essay for english that is way longer than any essay really has the right to be.
just washed a paper plate so that he could use it for something else. It would have been easier to just grab a new one right next to him.
has probably, most likely, lost what ever symbolance of a mind he once held.
"she only drinks coffee at midnight. when the moment is not right, and her timing is quite, unusual."
made the most amazing burritos for dinner and feels sad that he can't finish them and enjoy their great deliciousness anylonger...
6k+car break down+friday the 13th=me feeling superstious. 6k=fail=me tired
is awsome. Period.
got his hair cut at 2 today. He just now hopes that he can replicate the hairstyle half as well as the stylist.
s brain feels tired. Stupid SAT making be sit in a room for 4 hours when it should only take 2 1//2
is tired and his pupils are still dominating each respective iris. Can anyone say super night vision?
just reliezed that devouring chinese food the night before a 6k test isn't the best choice of foods to have consumed if he wanted to do well on the test.
Saw the Mouse Trap! It was positively amazing!!! Great work to everyone!!
woke up from sleeping over 13 hours about a 1//2 hour ago.
s sister ate 5x's more than he did, she is 5"5 and 112lbs, in her first sitting than he did the entire meal.
watched Transformers II with *PROPNAME*, has a neuro appointment tomorrow and can't find the headache log. Made pretty good pastries, will have them perfected when the next batch is made.
Black friday shopping+ *PROPNAME*= fun Black friday +waking up = 3hours of sleep Yet somehow am oddly awake even if i've already had a full day before noon.
got to sleep in like an hour only to wake up at 4. Black friday shopping with *PROPNAME*!!
hears whale calls. Literally, there is a nature video playing in the backround.
has the words "Merry Christmas" written in rope lights hung in the front window of his house.
"Oh the weather outside is frightful"
Still has glitter stuck on his fingers. Thanks *PROPNAME* :)
Rawwaarwaarr!!!
feels the sleepy, its not even late yet.
hid in the closet for the majority of the day
hung out at *PROPNAME*'s today, wrapping presents, then went to the park and played on the swing sets. Can anyone say awesome??
riverside is a strange and wonderious, mostly strange, place were when you show up at noon you are required to murder avocados and eat dinner at 3:30. Merry Christmas world, i'm stranded with my family.
saw pictures of his brain slice by slice. Has mild brain damage from his headaches and migraines, non-lethal so, !!!!!! happy!!!!!!!!!
If you're wondering if I want you to, I want you to. So make a move, 'cause I ain't got all night.-Weezer
s head is better finally.
loves his mind, hates his head.
is eating dinasour oatmeal!!
thank you world. Now if you don't mind, i'm going to get some sleep. Its a new decade, that makes us humans tired.
i have Serenity in Blue-Ray. Its really really cool.
is making better than sex cake. it better be, it certainly costs enough.
Santa isn't bringing me presents this year. He sent Mal and River to do it, I don't think he considered the noise factor of Serenity though. (If any of you get the extreeeemly geeky reference I'm making, just smile and accept that every year i wish for Firefly to start up again)(Hint, Hint, Santa)
I harbor a strong distaste for 6ks
1 honest answer. you can ask me one question (send it to my inbox ) any question. NO matter how awkward it can be, I'll answer it honestly. There's no catch but I dare you to post this as your status and see what people ask you.
had a great time tonight!!
"Its only illegal if you get caught, assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place"
"You don't seem to annoy me as much as usaul, but are you sure thats a deficite??"
i hate the new facebook. it sucks.
there are two kinds of people who sit around think about murder all day.
bets you can't guess what he is doing right now. Be appropriate.
act + taco surf + lazer tag = one exhausted mind#SEPARATOR#Burocrazia in Barcellona
back too work... ufff
Acquazzone monsonico a BCN... ed io con gli infradito!!!!!! ...
La pioggia su BCN (!?)
Du durù dudùuuuu!
Goodbye beautiful Budapest
afternoon on the beach after work: Barcelona, where else?
and the NEVER ending thesis!
Thesis delivered at my parents' place: a great moment!
Discussione della Tesi domani alle 16.30 in Bocconi aula N32: Tutti invitati!!
Milano at Home sweet Home!
Fra 5 ore sarà tutto finito! AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Tomorrow Budapest!
...Tomorrow Geneva... A new start!
snow storm in Geneva
Dottore con lode e sotto la neve! WHAT ELSE?!
SNOW on Geneva#SEPARATOR#has started reading confessions of a shopaholic.....i do exactly the same!!!
has gone over to the dark side..
results are out early! can't look :oS#SEPARATOR#back in Carolina
just stepped foot in philly, unpackin... get at me if you're in town 336-906-0860
Quick run
is in NYC chillin out
facebook is entirely too distracting, cell me if ya need me
at the library knockin out some legal writing homework
busy busy
can't believe he's in law school right now and therefore actually a poor college student once again, yipee
@ the gym
Pandora is in fact the greatest invention of all time. I owe my entire current quasi-sanity to its existence.
. . . . .
YRARBIL
Has anyone ever told you that you must be having a case of the "Munday's"? No.... Fuck No Man!....... I imagine you'd get your ass kicked saying something like that.
does the reading ever end?
Disclaimer: I do in fact listen to rap.
I believe my cell phone is officially broken beyond repair.
Chillin out to some "Counting Crows"...
haha really? a safety for the win? Go Heels!
I think i read that in a book somewhere.       Are you sure it was a book... are you sure it wasn't Nothing?            Oh ya.
Apparently you're not a golfer.
"I don't know what you do, but I do thangs" .... yah I have no idea?
[C] Legal writing Sucks. [R] Something is deemed to "Suck" if it takes an innordinate amount of time to complete in mind numbing silence that slowly drives you fucking crazy. [E] In BERKOVITCH it was determined that working on "Pennoyer", an outdated case that has no bearing on actual modern day law "Sucks" because it took over 5 hours and drove him fucking crazy...
Beware uncaged coral.
"divine apathy, disease of my youth, watch that you don't catch it" "it says son, time is all.... the luck you need."
so wish i had the time to watch the Steelers stomp on the Bears
Thank You.
damn it feels good to be a gangster.
if you take any part in disturbing my nap I will probably end your life. you've been warned.
PC load letter, what the fuck does that mean?!?
"Sometimes we take chances, sometimes we take pills, I can write it better than you ever felt it"
" A teenage vow in a parking lot, till tonight do us part "  haha love it.
I <3 Law School.
shit, bercovitch made the yankee hat more popular than a yankee can.
*Sigh*
checkin out the new gym
"Great ambition and conquest without contribution is without significance."
I want this shit forever man.
Dear Homeowner: I apologize for contributing to the destruction of your plastic fence. Though you will be pleased to know that we did indeed reach our destination and rocked out with our cocks out. Okay not really, but we did rock out.
Must be a quarter life crisis.
"I suggest we learn to love ourselves before it's made illegal"
"chivalry has not timeline" - *PROPNAME* (haha what?!)
"She checkin out my dougie like she's patty mayonnaise" ..... Really? People get paid to come up with this shit?  Second guessing my career path... shoulda been a rapper.  I could totally pull off a "grill"
Leebrary
Torts... aka intro to ambulance chasing
The Q is back.
"Shit, I didn't pass the bar, but I know a little bit, enough where you won't illegally search my shit."
Time is all, the luck you need.
Res Ipsa Loquitur, sed quid in infernos dicet?
Hey what's your favorite planet? Mine's the sun, cause it's like the king of all the planets.
"... it's a very dangerous time, the coalition for reason is extremely weak."
My Schedule Next Semester. Sucks. Balls.
does anyone have my civ pro paper???????????
I paid everything to roll the dice, just one more time.
"I feel stupid, but it's something that comes and goes"
Sue: ok but change your pic on fb, it sucks <--- (my mother on facebook chat)  you know you look like shit when your own mother calls you out on it! lol
Quote of the day: "my ex had them...having saggy balls slap u during sex its the most discusting thing ever"
28 U.S.C. §76: No Excuses, Play Like a Champion.
"those left standing will make millions writing books on the way it should have been"
Pardon me while I burst.
so *PROPNAME* has S'mores on the menu, and apparently I'm going to be forced to eat one within the next five minutes, i feel like im at a damn campfire.
"She saw the truck coming and stepped on the gas in order to become air-borne because she knew she could fly because Batman does it." 173 N.W.2d 619 (Wisc. 1970).
The New Droid phone is the sweetest phone ever. xmas has come early bitches!
"Funny the way it is when you think about it, one kid walks 10 miles to school while another's dropping out."
I want a puppy dammit.
Naps Suck. Someone shoulda woke me dammit!
"Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous" - Einstein
"A perfection of means, and a confusion of aims, seems to be our main problem"
is beginning to understand the correlation between the titles esquire and alcoholic.
Damn You Oliet.
S.T.E.E.L.E.R.S.
"No. you said Filipino. That's a Nationality" , thank you Cam
The Headline Reads "The Defendant Hangs But The Jury Doesn't"
Anyone else in International Law next semester?
I'm out like a fat kid in dodge ball.
memo-a-thon weekend, :)
S.T.E.E.L.E.R.S.
gym then back to the leebrary . wow.
VILLANOVA WILDCATS > GEORGETOWN HOYAS
1L of a week.
So I got tired of learning about the law in the abstract and decided that I'd go ahead and have a cop issue me with a citation for a court appearance. Yay... Field Trip!
Volcano Insurance? we've never had a volcano eruption here.  Well don't you think we're due for one then? *PROPNAME*.
90s music is//was the shit!
I got five on it.
Where the *#%@ is my...... nm found it
"tell me do you think it'd be alright if i just crashed here tonight? see I'm in no shape for driving and anyways I got no place to go...."
[A] This fucking memo takes more than 5 hours and drives the reasonable person fucking crazy. [C] Therefore legal writing fucking "Sucks".
"Grave digger, when you dig my grave, could you make it shallow, so I can feel the rain."
"I'm like a lawyer with the way I'm always trying to get you off"
.... and it's been so long since I've seen the ocean, guess I should.
dreaming about providence and whether mice and men get second tries....
When the *#@% is Facebook going to create a DISLIKE button??!#SEPARATOR#Jäg äslkar sverige! D-4
sweden! D-1
D -6 till Sweden <3
Bestanden!!!!!
morgen Rettungshelferprüfung ~.~
just bought my W:O:A ticket! \m//#SEPARATOR#Happy Anniversary to me and the hubby!  <3 3 years married today - can't you tell by the humidity?  lol
having some me time for the 1st time in a long long time!
"just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming..." - *PROPNAME*- Finding Nemo -It's stuck in my head forever or until we're out of this phase! lol
"The seaweed is always greener in somebody else's lake..."
packing... cleaning... and wiping the little nose...
Have a great week everyone!  See you next week when we return from our family fun!  <3
packing...  can't wait for one last blast of summer!  <3  Turks and Caicos
croup - let the nighttime fun begin...
nebulizer was not fun tonight.......  :(
all the laundry is done... ahhhhhhhhh.... lol
I still don't get what twitter even is...  I'm officially out of touch or something like that...
an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind...
Boo at the Zoo and trick or treating 2009 were awesome!
editing the personal statement for graduate school...
NYU Graduate application just about complete!
Let's go Yankeeeesss!
rain drops keep falling on my head...
Happy Halloween!
be it ever so humble... I love my own bed!  <3
Writing a personal statement for graduate school...
*PROPNAME* grams made in Mexico are you serious Kraft?
*PROPNAME* has been golfing in the living room since 12:30 this afternoon!  lol  This wii is crazy....
Excited my holiday shopping is done! But, more excited about my nephews first holiday show is tonight!  <3 <3 <3
*PROPNAME* loves sweet potatoes and vanilla ice cream best!  lol how 'bout you?
cleaning, laundry, baking cookies...  listening to christmas music...
Loving *PROPNAME*'s first real snow day with the family!
happy new year!  night night! I have to work in 7 hours!  <3
so excited I can french braid *PROPNAME*'s hair now!  lol
loving the air conditioning right now almost as much as my brother *PROPNAME*!  lol
can't believe the ending of this past season DEXTER!
Nothing like the quiet peacefulness of watching my sleeping baby...
up so early so much to do...
Merry Christmas everyone!
JF:  You making pancakes *PROPNAME*?  Me: Of course.  JF:  Any of the coffee left?  Me: Sure.  You want anything in it?  JF: No, black like my soul.  Me:  No sugar?  JF:  Are you kidding?  I'm sweet enough...  And that's how it was for 26 years...  <3  Semper Fi Uncle *PROPNAME*
Today its time to clean this place and get the laundry done...
missing the hubby out on boys night out <3  lol
Feeling better today, but 2010 is kicking my bootie!  What a depressing two weeks...
Happy Birthday to my lover boy!  You are the best! <3
snowed in...
I can't get my pictures to rotate properly - lol - but Happy Valentine's Day to all!  *PROPNAME* and I have been together since 2002 and were married in 2006 <3
We had so much fun at *PROPNAME*'s 4th Birthday party!  <3
Happy valentine's Day!!!!
It would be so nice if that dog didn't bark every night!#SEPARATOR#got up early today for a trip to Hamburg .. oh gosh its 07:10, cant wait to hit the sheets again =)
is in FFM
Dobré ráno
Bloody Mondays..
first evening in Shang hai..
Thx everyone for sending the vpn tools. all blocked sites are accessible with superb connection =o)
Opening a bank account in China went really fast. You sign 6 documents and they immediately print out a card and pincode. The whole process took about 25minutes.. Moved into my apartment today as well. Good location, nice furniture, good view but an odd bathroom and a very minimalistic "hallway" .. =)
9Minutes
Had an exciting day in the office, big lunch with the new team etc. the Office Manager is a real sweetheart, bit of tomboy attitude, rough but cordial.. I think I will fall in love with her.
Bloody Monday is done in 53Minutes =))
easy sunday
The early bird catches the worm
SUPERB!
lazy holidays
Merry Christmas & All The Love...  *PROPNAME* 
Helsinki
Can someone download the latest version of the Anchorfree Hotspotshield for me? I can't download this stuff in China, it seems to be impossible and start to annoy me. Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease. xxx all the love !!!  *PROPNAME*
finally got his Z-Visa and is so over the winter...
00:58 midnight.. soooo tired#SEPARATOR#is officially certified to teach English abroad! Now, to find a job. . .
Am I the only one that hates the new shakira song?!! It's horrible!
GOOO GATORS!!
Why is there always a "gunman" on USF campus. . .didn't have to worry about that crap in Gainesville!
Is getting anxious about Thailand and money :{
Looking to go to the Gator game if anyone is selling a ticket (student or non)
Just got to Thailand! Korean Air= best airlne ever! But sitting for 20 hours sucks no matter how good the movies are.
Going ot Ko Chang Island to hopefully ride some elephants!
I was one of the lucky ones to get air conditioning and internet in my apt in Thailand! Yay!
Last day in Ko Chang : (  but teaching starts Monday : )
I've been wondering why no one can leave me wall post. . .figured it out! Yay!
Yeah, about that hot water....
12 days and counting... . oh and Surrogates sucked! Save your money unless your want to see a crappy version of I Robot.
After teaching for just 3 weeks, I finally understand the importance coffee plays in people's everyday lives.
Never seen a 10 year old and a 60 year old driving a motorcycle on the same steet until today :)
So I was watching the news in Thai and they showed a picture of the Earth and the Sun and a big comet like solar flare thing circling the Sun. .Umm is there something I should know? Do I need to find a bomb shelter? I am so out of the news loop, I found out the US health bill passed on Facebook for god sakes!
Tahtako is small and no one speaks English, but the people are friendly!
Lesson planning sucks. . .so I'm procrastinating.
Is not looking forward to this reeeeeally long flight!
3- Day weekend! Going to Chaing Mai! If anyone is going to be there, call us!
I was woke up at 7:30 in the morning on Sun by my mother informing me of the Gator loss. If I wasn't so hungover I probably would have cried. : ( I still love you Gators!
I'm wondering if I can make it through another 3 days of singing "head, shoulders, knees and toes" 10 times each day.
Mash Potatoes were a big hit in Thailand!
I love *PROPNAME*, I can't believe she died : (
"Just let me live my life" -*PROPNAME*
Not doing too well in the coordination department today. I ran the motorbike up some stair this morning and almost ate it just now (yet again on some stairs)
At the beach in Bang Saphan! Didn't know how much I'd missed the water till I got here!
I feel like its the end of an era in Gator football! : (  I am so lucky and thankful I got to go to UF when I did! Thank you Tebow and thank you Urban!
Oh Bangkok, I will miss you and your lady boy calypso show haha
Class of 40 kids. . .3 showed up. .because it rained. That would never fly in Florida!
I have ONE homework assignment for ONE easy weekend class and I can't bring myself to do it. . .holy procrastinator. .Whats wrong with me!
Avatar was AMAZING! I loved it. Spend the money and see it in IMAX 3-D. I promise it's worth it!
Watching the Rose Bowl online isn't as much fun.  I have to keep refreshing to find out what happened the last play : ( Go SEC!
Yay Friday!
Could I be anymore bored?
Can't wait for February so I can start traveling again!
It’s hilarious trying to explain Easter to the Thai children. “Yeah . . so there’s this rabbit that comes to your house and hides eggs. . yes eggs . .and then you eat chocolate that’s shaped like rabbits and eggs . . and that’s how we celebrate the resurrection of Jesus Christ” haha. They either have a really confused look on their face or just laugh.
An extremely attractive girl whos flirty personality and curvacious figure will keep you coming back for more. She's typically a brunette but occasionally acts blonde. She enjoys long relationships and has many close guy friends. Often mistaken for a "slut" but really isn't. She can also be a super bitch if you get onto her bad side. "dude, i want to hang out with that girl, shes such an *PROPNAME*" haha
Do I have a celebrity look-a-like?
A kid in my class put a frog down another kids shirt today, along with the branches the frog was in.  After the frog, leaves and branches fell out of his shirt, the boys spent 5 minutes trying to catch the frog, while I (the teacher) stood in the corner with the screaming girls afraid of the frog. Then the frog peed on the boy who caught it. Thank God it's a short school week!
had to laugh when the doctor was cutting off her Thai good luck bracelets in order to put on a cast.
Lame Canada! Sorry neighbors to the north, but after China’s opening Olympic ceremony 2 years ago, that was just weak. Even *PROPNAME* can’t show up 10,000 in sync drumming Chinamen. Glad the U.S. didn’t get the bid for 2010 lol.
Thank you everybody! Love you all!#SEPARATOR#well I gotta do some cleaning and laundry so I am off to the honey do's
Wishes that the curveballs would stop coming soon.
Its been a long restless night
I wish The beer was tasting better tonight
is getting ready to leave town for the weekend
I couldnt sleep good last night and really hope I dont start getting tired in the middle of the day.
Is not looking forward to doing my to do list the wife left me
I really think I may have taken to heavy of a work load in my classes this semester.
Day 1 Patience. Say nothing unkind to your spouse. It is better to say nothing than to say something you will regret later.
off to try and sleep#SEPARATOR#is in Kuwait, soon to be at FOB Warhorse Iraq#SEPARATOR#Anyone want to sing at the Bakery on Thursday night? Free food and tips...!
Congratulations *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!!!!
eeeeeehhhhhhhhh, ppppppuuuuuuuuttttttoooooooo! 1-0 Mexico
Mexico City!
yeah Obama, let's fix this thing!
had an awesome night with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* in Mexico City! Two bottles of mezcal later...
*PROPNAME* rocks.
*PROPNAME* was just in the shop! And got strudel for the entire Mayor's office!
Congratulations *PROPNAME*!!! Newest Federal Attorney for the Department of Justice!
My old email was hacked. Please disregard a weird email if you got it. Sorry!
It's official, we're #1! Best Dessert in LA! Thank you everyone for voting!
workin' on my sailboat today!#SEPARATOR#New Year's resolutions... why wait until January? Screw that, December is MY month! I will exercise daily. I will not fall asleep randomly without brushing teeth (eww). I will clean my room weekly. I will not save files with names like 'adsvdsq.' I will finish all tasks by 75% of the deadline. And for motivation, I will move $100 from my checking to my savings account each time I fail! Go go self-improvement!
Baking in my room. TT
Yay! Left my flash drive inside a computer in a PACKED math lab yesterday. Called the office today and asked them to check and it was still there! Now I can go back to sleep
You know in Spiderman where he wakes up, puts on his glasses and realizes he doesn't need them anymore? Yeah, I had that today then I realized I had my contacts on. -.-
I just had a dream that combined The Grudge + Twilight + Harry Potter + Pokemon. Malfoy had unsealed the Grudge demon from within Bella and Bulbasaur and Jigglypuff had to save the world. WTF? That doesn't even make sense.
has been awake for way too long, listening to music way too loudly.
woke up laughing after thinking in my dream "Good thing zombies are so slow...", then a zombie drives by in a car screaming "NOT IF WE LEARNED HOW TO DRIVE", and promptly crashes into a wall. :D
//facepalm, the person who last used this book underlined all the bold words... WHY?!  Well, that's what you get for 5% retail price. >>
IT'S 4M AND I'VE BEEN LYING IN BED FOR 2 HOURS. RAAAGEE
Need a topic for my second UC prompt. Describe me in one word. GO!
Free shipping is my downfall.
Made the UC App my homepage to stop me from procrastinating. Wait. Why am I here. AHHHH *deletes all bookmarks*
Internet downtime, ending procrastination since 1996.
bought so many things during Cyber Monday, he's memorized his credit card number. ://
just got a new chair. I don't know what "passive lumbar support" means, but damn does it feel good.
I hate you lab write-ups.
Dilemnia: It's 3am and I wanted to blast music through my speakers. >:[
heard someone at home depot ask a worker for "that thing that makes holes 'n shit." LOL
passed out while reading about narcolepsy yesterday...
Damn sense, always getting in my way.
Came 45minutes late to C++ final, still finished before everyone else. :D
Buckyballs, I want my 6 hours back. >.>
pain is painful.
went to a run down dollar store and it was playing *PROPNAME*'s "Canon in D." I laughed the entire time I was in there. :D
Spent the last 2 hours sitting in the dark happily listening to music way too loudly at 6am :)
It's 6am and I can't sleep cause I just finished ordering parts for a new computer. Too excited. I'm nerdy, AND WHAT? D:
saw "IN TRANSIT TO ONTARIO, CA" on my tracking information and thought "WHY IS IT GOING TO CANADA?!" Who knew there was a city named Ontario in California? :x
Computer case coming from South LA. Everything else coming from Tennesee. I get to stare at the case and do nothing with it for 4 days. *PROPNAME*, why art thou so cruel? D:
Mom just found out I'm an atheist and is trying to convert me. Ahahaha
7:15 chem classss, dieee D: *collapse on floor* zzzzzzzzzzzz#SEPARATOR#10 days left in basic training!
TGIF
Missing my Princess. . . very dearly. . .
. . . doing me. . . you do you. . .
Dentist got me med-up!   "Percoset is a hell-of-a-drug!"
I'm really feeling this Chicago Winter right now. . . Dunno if I'll make it back to Texas with all my fingertips. . .
preparing my mind for a long drive. . .
The woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! Under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved.#SEPARATOR#preparing for tryouts and the start of Steelers season . . . its that time of year again!
Yea CCHS JV - starting off the season with a WIN!
Lazy day around the house after the family has left.
CCHS Jv - you girls rock!  what else can I say?  And mega shout-out to *PROPNAME* for moral support  tonight and rockin' programs.
back at it
at work on a sunday - but at least the steelers won last night!
jenna's wedding
here we go, steelers, here we go!
Anyone in the pitttsburgh area able to work the polls on tuesday?  I've got a friend that needs help.  Let me know.  Thanks.
Steelers, Steelers, Steelers
I have the best boyfriend ever.  Thanks babe, I love you!
Working at home, wathcing the *PROPNAME* game, and watching the snow.  The words "lazy Saturday" come to mind.
And yes, I misspelled "watching" not once, but twice.
Wow, that was a great game - even if *PROPNAME* did lose. Hope the 1 v. 2 game tonight is that good.
Really?  Two days in a row?  I would like to take back my comment about de ja vu - I didn't mean I wanted it to end like that (again).
absence sharpens love, presence stregthens it
It'a kinda like de ja vu - working at home, wathcing the *PROPNAME* (Steelers) game, and snow is still on the ground.  Good thing I know its Sunday!
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered the LOSS of a Baby ? The majority won't put it on because unlike cancer. Baby Loss is a taboo... Break the Silence ? This is in memory of all the Angel Babies...gone too soon but NEVER FORGOTTEN ABOUT!!? Show your support and let these women know they don't have to grieve alone.
If you & I woke up in jail together...using only FOUR words...what would you say to me? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say....(And if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status. Fair is fair.)
If I ruled the world . . . imagine that . . .
How does that kind of fallen even happen that quickly?
steelers, steelers, steelers!#SEPARATOR#the old mans still trying to get me smashed on his sake... tastes like ass.. on fire
finally using facebook n_n feels strange.
mmm waffles n_n
avril stuck in my head from yesterdays singing performance. soooo sad
freezing my freakin ass off. don't want to get out of bed for anything today :(
*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are officially the two most awesome people ever :)
TOAST n_n *purrs*
marty liebich...... LOL
Breaking hearts is part of who you are.
i give up.
MAINSTREAM. ALL DAY LONG... KILL IT.
goddam it. this celebrity double thing is driving me crazy. help#SEPARATOR#Just remembered, I seen a naked guy running up the supports on the squinty bridge last night with all hanging out .. but wearing socks. Not a pretty sight.
Seen a leaflet guy coming into building. so i collected together all the leaflets we have (about 15-20) and when he went to post the leaflets I posted them all outwards as he opened the letterbox. He looked a little confused and tried to push them back, so I posted them back out again. Ahh its fun to piss off people.
Feeling like crap, no temperature though so at least its not swine flu (at least I think its not!)
Got a pair of degu's last night, already causing issues! They are uber cute though.
Got a refferal to a ENT specialist so I can get a camera jammed up my nose into my sinuses. Not pretty but at least I may be able to finally get rid of this damn sinus infection! :D
Trying to send docs to the bank, and my personal advisor is not trusted with email or web access full access to my account, financial and personal, but not email *worry*
Gotta love 3 mobile. I asked to cancel my contract and was asked "could we convince you to stay" I replied with "Due to the terrible customer service, I would rather die a slow and horribly painful death than stay" to which I got "do you have any friends or relatives you would like to refer so they can get a good deal". I want that CSR to work in my company retention department!!
I think I must be doing something wrong on the trapeze, it feels like I have just went for a vasectomy after trying a few windmills yesterday. No pain no gain :)
ARGHHH!!! The radio has christmas songs on it already, this bad bad bad news! Its november !!
I have 1.6Kg of explosives for Nov 5 (The UK equiv of 4th July for the Americans), Hopefully with any luck this thing will make the night time look like daytime with the bang :D
Trying to weigh a degu is not easy!
Never had a crab, squid, musccle, scallop, and anchovie pizza before. It is however suprisingly good :)
Whilst I may not understand the history behind thanksgiving, I can get behind any holiday that consists of a huge amount of food, alcohol and friends. Happy thanksgiving to my American friends. And to anyone else, today is just an excuse for us to take part in "cultural diversity" and get drunk and stuffed with lots of food.
is thinking that he needs to assemble a horde of flying panda colored monkies to wreck havock on the world from above, and buy milk.
I can handle the scope thing being shoved up my nose and down my throat, I can handle the CT scan, but having blood taken, still can't deal with that!
Why are you not allowed to give kids nuts for halloween any more. I got them as a kid, and as far as I am aware people havne't become more allergic to it in the last 20 years, just the same amount.
Hates facebook messaging, it always looks like you are waiting for the other person to message back, and then you see that it has infact timed out (again) and the person messaged back 6 hours ago. *sigh*
I have discovered the 'teddy bear' move in aerials, is anything but cute and fluffy! Its evil, sore and likes nothing more than cutting off all blood to your extrematies.
is currently working his way through the harry potter box set. Can't say I don't have exciting weekends!
I know 6 sick people at the moment, and now I'm sick. I'm going to find out what one it was and come after them!! Watch yourselves 
Happy Jul, In norway they don't celebrate chriastmas as much as Julaften (Pre-Christmas). Thats when people get their pressies. In russia its the 5th Jan!  Don't know if I could wait that long!
I love how much fun you can have with non newtonian fluids :D
The turkey is now officially drunk (Injected with enough alcohol that if we didn't eat it, it'd be at AA). Rubbed with secret spices, drizzled in bacon, and the silverside joint is slowly cooking for 7 hours. 15 Minute break then  back to cooking :D
My brother gave me a uni-cycle for xmas. I'm wondering if you can pre book appointments to the A&E to save time.
Just hacked my appleTV, removed the WiFi chip and replaced with a broadcom H.264 hardware decoder chip. Now I can stream blu ray movies in 1080p from my fileserver to tv :D
Just realised he missed the aerial class start :| Thought it was next week it started DOH!
thinks that the new apple tablet 'pc' iPad sounds like a high tech sanitary device.
Merry Christmas everyone :)
They are NOT beef sausages if they are only 40% beef! LIES!
Just made a spiced haddock on trimmed green bean and coconut rice with a coconut, chilli sauce... mmm#SEPARATOR#It's time I fire up this life I'm livin' in!
Cuando la vida misma te ha puesto en un aprieto, ¿qué es lo que se debe hacer?
Que es lo que en realidad se debe de hacer? Lo que el corazón dicta o lo que la razon te dice?
Es momento de aprender a dejar ir las cosas. Por favor, que aquella luz, guía mía, me lleve a los lugares indicados.
Oscilando entre la infinidad de la mente y la infinidad del sueño...
Hay veces en las que simplemente quisiera olvidarme de todo y refugiarme en la profundidad de mi mente...
Meus somnerium... En busca de un pequeño momento de comprensión...
De vuelta al mundo interno sin límites!
Por favor, que las cosas mejoren! Si es que en verdad alguien puede ayudar, que le otorguen lo que necesita!
Getting ready for the fun! Escapada espiritual al corazón del oráculo... Riviera Maya! Meus somnierum!
I want to reconcile the violence in your heart! I want to recognise your beauty is not just a mask! I want to exorcise the demons from your past! I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart! (Gracias a Sofi por la canción tan genial!)
I just... Don't know what to think anymore...
Life truly has special ways to show us what we need... in the weirdest moments////f i n a l f a n t a s y////"I know. I'm not alone... not anymore."
Back to the routine, then...#SEPARATOR#is trying to get out of the doldrums
is in Aruba!!!
-- people need to get over michael vick's life and get their own
vegas baby!!! yaaa!!!!#SEPARATOR#once again doesn't remember going to bed. And she's upset with how much drunk *PROPNAME* tries to screw around with hungover *PROPNAME*. This isn't funny drunk *PROPNAME*.
is glad that it's summertime, and the living is easy. One of these mornings, she'll rise up singing.
just got home from spending 11 glorious hours with her family. It was an awesome day. Sorry for all the missed calls and texts, my phone died many hours ago.
I'm leavin' on a cruise ship, but I do know when I'll be back again. Seriously though, no phone or internet all week, so I will be incommunicado. You kids have fun, try not to do anything too crazy.
is home again! The Caribbean was amazing!
had good talkings tonight. Fun times were had by all.
One more double before nine days of freedom.
can't stop here! This is bat country!
You win some, you lose some. Week 2 doesn't say anything about the Playoffs. There's always next week. And lets be fair, the competition next week is the Chiefs. Ahahaha.
ought to be cast in the next big zombie movie as an extra. Because she feels like the living dead must feel after a night of heavy brain-eating. Is that their equivalent of drinking? Explains why they want to do it all the time.
needs to be herself, she can't be no one else. She's feeling supersonic, give her gin and tonic. She could have it all, but how much does she want it?
Damn, those Eagles looked sharp today. Too bad the Red Sox couldn't do the same.
Made some cash last night playing poker. Hopefully a repeat performance tonight?
hasn't felt the way she feels today in so long it's hard for her to specify.
has got no time to for spreadin roots, the time has come to be gone. And though our health we drank a thousand times, it's time to ramble on.
is at a weird place in her life right now. A road map would be handy.
has the damn flu. Could the universe's timing have been any worse? She thinks not.
Woot, go Chiefs. :D
would love to have something that even remotely resembles a reasonable sleep schedule.
feels severely under-appreciated. It's lame.
has had a very good day, and looks to have a good night also.
doesn't look different, but she has changed. You're looking through her, she's not the same.
wants to live where soul meets body, and let the sun wrap its arms around her, and bathe her skin in water cool and cleansing, and feel, feel what it's like to be new.
has learned that standing in front of her open refridgerator and freezer doesn't make any of her food look any more appetizing, but it does start defrosting the food in her freezer.
proved her epic ninja skills tonight.
shall live in the sunshine, swim the sea, and drink the wild air's salubrity.
was hoping some of the punk kids in her apartment complex would nab the jack-o-lanterns off her balcony and give them the honor of a good smash. Instead she had to unceremoniously toss them in the dumpster.
will begin tomorrow well and serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with her old nonsense.
is gonna blame it all upon a rush of blood to the head.
had one of her worst nights ever at work, after spending all day actually believing today would be a good day.
will have a bit of fun, watching everyone pass her by.
is sitting in an English garden, waiting for the sun.
(573): Fact: The drinking you do in college doesn't affect your liver in real life.
wanted more than life could ever grant. She's bored with the chore of saving face.
loves that she has some of the nerdiest friends ever. She's seen at least ten *PROPNAME* poems posted today. Granted, everyone picks the same one from V for Vendetta, but m'eh.
is feeling uninspired and unmotivated. Can someone else please pay her bills and move her into her new apartment?
is tired of being passed over.
has gotta tell you what a state she's in...
is having the worst day since yesterday.
learns more and more every day that timing is everything.
is still living with your ghost, lonely and dreaming of the west coast. She just wants to feel some sunshine.
just thought that you would know you're a god, and she is not.
took these broken wings and learned to fly. All her life, she was only waiting for this moment to arise.
doesn't want to be at the mercy of her emotions. She wants to use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them.
is watching the lights go down, letting the cables sleep. Whatever you say, it's all right, whatever you do it's all good.
is simultaneously packing, doing laundry, cleaning, and jamming out.  Ah, productivity.
is home from work and back to packing//cleaning. January 2nd can't come soon enough, because this is starting to get really monotonous.
can be painfully petty and selfish at times.
Doppelgänger week
wants the kind of things that money just can't buy.
hates to admit that she's becoming more and more of a morning person.
is very glad to see that it's legitimately storming outside. If only she didn't have to go back to work in just a few minutes...
is, by far, the biggest nerd she knows sometimes. Which really says a lot if you know her friends.
just realized she's been awake for 22 hours. That might explain the exhaustion.
had an amazing night last night, in spite of the fact that she was literally falling asleep on her feet.#SEPARATOR#Your grace is more than enough. Re-prioritization in progress.
stepped down from the last stage. But I won't say goodbye. Well done, *PROPNAME*:)
free style
loves his Ginosko ppl.
Losing trust on all those facebook quizzes. Just look on my wall. LOL
where r u God?
is planning on trying ???? starting this week
once was lost but now am found. Repenting my absurd arrogance.
Merry CHRISTmas! Much blessings and love~~~
is having a busy day at work on the day he shouldn't even be working!
Walking away, with blessings behind.
The best day is ALWAYS today!#SEPARATOR#what is on my mind... not much... it is retreating from the coming tide of homework...
first day of *PROPNAME* Scholars
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*.
Can't go back to STA til Thursday cause of the stupid FLU!!!
Always Look on the Bright Side of Life...
is a National Merit Semifinalist!!! Yay!!
is cramming on homework...
is experiencing some Schadenfreude right now...
is a National Merit Semifinalist!!! Yay!!!
We could be sitting in the computer lab, 4 am before the final paper is due... OH CRAP!!!
Hold thy piece, thou knave...
is confused.
is writing a paper that is due tomorrow... What? I should be writing it instead of writing this status? If you say so...
Oh the irony... I am a dork.
only 14 chapters left to read...
Blue!!!
Hang on a minute, i have to put my phone in my cheese so i can get out my keys to open this door...
Look at spot. Spin. Attempt to find spot. WHERE IS SPOT? Oh. Behind me. That was not 360 degrees. Darn.
Is done with her paper! now to the next one...
Superbowl Monday!!! We should make it an official holiday.
So much for no accumulation... :-)#SEPARATOR#summer!!
it needs to be sunny so I can invite a bunch of peeps over
I have never changed my facebook pic ever, that should be a record right?#SEPARATOR#is sleepy and doesn't want to pack
is leaving soon
has been putting off patching up the holes in her clothing...and it's starting to show.
Is trying to get her hearing back after nibbler decided to imitate her sneezing...very loudly.
is awake and packing.. 
is sick and tired of marketing.
just rubbed red pepper oil in her eye. 
"This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time."
is off camping
can't figure out how to get her hair cut. Any suggestions?
"The world is my ashtray"
is blowing magnificent spit bubbles.
needs to stop buying things online or she's going to be penniless.
is in lake placid and it's wonderful.
needs to finish her work...but is very lazy.
Can't sleep again.
should give up on art and be a scientist.
has nothing to do today.
should give up on being a scientist and become a cave hermit.
should stop wasting her time, go to college and get a real job.
is too liberal for Canandaigua.
really loves the Fall
"But he hung up the phone slow and sad. Dad said "The worst thing about living here is that you can only kill yourself once.""
looks sick most of the time.
Well, see what you want to see, you should see it all. Well, take what you want from me, you deserve it all. Nine times out of ten our hearts just get dissolved. Well, I want a better place or just a better way to fall.
is trying to find an apartment.
Should probably go to sleep soon..
hasn't been online in a long time
Packing up my crap and moving this week. I can't afford cable or internet service so you'll have to text me if you want to talk to me. My phone number is 747-6371 if you didn't already know.
Bored with things, I need to find something else to focus on obsessively.#SEPARATOR#just finished drill...8 people fell out
need to do calc
grilling with the battalion
working on calculus
military science III
had to move to delta
There is no squabbling so violent as that between people who accepted an idea yesterday and those who will accept the same idea tomorrow.
back to class
battalion level smoke session at 2130
Calc, History, comp, then chem
height and weight test under bravo
chem and then im done with classes for the day
i hate wednesdays
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records............ ..back from the gym
ms III class
phone sucks
i apologize for my last status no real smoke session took place...im not sure what it was
no
Dream as if you have forever. Live as if you only have today
going to the gym
Think what a better world it would be if we all, the whole world, had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon and then lay down on our blankets for a nap...
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
parade practice...worst time of the day
He who strikes first, strikes twice.
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper
anybody who wants to do stx lanes tonight report to delta barracks by 745...full battle rattle..this includes rucksack,lbv with compass and water, dummy rifle, and redlines flashlight..have assault pack in rucksack bring kevlar and pc
going to the gym...hit me up later
Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet
Anyone who can be replaced by a machine deserves to be
may have overworked my abs today...feel torn
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength
going for a long run hit me up later
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second
I like running because it's a challenge.  If you run hard, there's the pain - and you've got to work your way through the pain.  You know, lately it seems all you hear is? Don't overdo it' and? Don't push yourself.' Well, I think that's a lot of bull shit.  If you push the human body, it will respond
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it
if you want to be a leader try and act like one
There is genius in persistence. It conquers all opposers. It gives confidence. It annihilates obstacles. Everybody believes in a determined man. People know that when he undertakes a thing, the battle is half won, for his rule is to accomplish whatever he sets out to do.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I?And if not now, when?
lunch then going to work out....Any workout which does not involve a certain amount of danger or responsibility does not improve the body - it just wears it out
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are
You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there.
If I had to select one quality, one personal characteristic that I regard as being most highly correlated with success, whatever the field, I would pick the trait of persistence. Determination. The will to endure to the end, to get knocked down seventy times and get up off the floor saying, ''Here comes number seventy-one!
.if we wait for the moment when everything,  absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin
getting smoked tonight
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
Your toughness is made up of equal parts persistence and experience. You don't so much outrun your opponents as outlast and outsmart them, and the toughest opponent of all is the one inside your head
going on a run
monday..enough said
Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble
The average estimate themselves by what they do, the above average by what they are
phones dead
running the course, then to the weight room
Personally, I don't think there's intelligent life on other planets. Why should other planets be any different from this one?
Since the house is on fire let us warm ourselves
going to the qm
msc III class..
good day...goodnight
got my battle rattle ready
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance
Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
Why did I want to win? because I didn't want to lose!
despise the fact i have already been up for almost 3 hours
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not
The will to win means nothing without the will to prepare
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom
If life gives you lemons - make grapejuice. Then sit back and let people wonder how you did it.
Since light travels faster than sound,  people appear bright until you hear them speak
If you can't convince them, confuse them
first free weekend
The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it
Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.
Here's to you and here's to me, and I hope we never disagree. But, if that should ever be, to HELL with you, here's to ME
Just because everything's different doesn't mean anything's changed
As it is the characteristic of great wits to say much in few words, so small wits seem to have the gift of speaking much and saying nothing.
It doesn't work to leap a twenty-foot canyon in two ten-foot jumps
Common sense is instinct.  Enough of it is genius
finished ruck run
I've always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best
Sometimes                            it is entirely appropriate to kill a fly with a sledge                            hammer
chem test
Dreams permit each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives
I'm not the greatest
If one can stick to the training throughout the many long years, then will power is no longer a problem. It's raining? That doesn't matter. I am tired? That's besides the point. It's simply that I just have to
It seems rather incongruous that in a society of supersophisticated communication, we often suffer from a shortage of listeners
If the path less traveled were the easy path, then all would take it, thus making greatness simply average
People demand freedom of speech to make up  for the freedom of thought which they avoid
No matter where you go, there you are
There is no point at which you can say, Well, I'm successful now. I might as well take a nap
just got back from rugby and the weight room, going to eat....hit me up later
If                            you're in a fair fight, you didn't plan it properly
Your             problem is that you think you have time
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper
perseverance is more than endurance. it is endurance combined with absolute assurance and certainty that what we are looking for is going to happen
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes
It is the characteristic excellence of the strong man that he can bring momentous issues to the fore and make a decision about them. The weak are always forced to decide between alternatives they have not chosen themselves.
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly
Surprise Me
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk?
Believing requires action
Between two evils i always pick the one ive never tried before
Those who are more adapted to the active life can prepare themselves for contemplation in the practice of the active life, while those who are more adapted to the contemplative life can take upon themselves the works of the active life so as to become yet more apt for contemplation
Where am I?
Thinking is more interesting than knowing, but less interesting than looking
Man imposes his own limitations, don't set any
We run, not because we think it is doing us good, but because we enjoy it and cannot help ourselves...The more restricted our society and work become, the more necessary it will be to find some outlet for this craving for freedom.  No one can say, 'You must not run faster than this, or hump higher than that.'  The human spirit is indomitable
What I must do is all that concerns me. This rule, equally arduous in actual and intellectual life, may serve for the whole distinction between greatness and meanness. It is harder because you will always find those who think they know what is your duty better than you know it.
Restlessness is dicontent, and discontent is the first neccesity of progress
I cannot have survival as my only goal.  That would be too boring.
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=K78zNtO_EFQ&feature=PlayList&p=17708ED0C8CF48C1&index=19
the slower we move the faster we die
One reason we resist making deliberate choices is that choice equals change and most of us, feeling the world is unpredictable enough, try to minimise the trauma of change in our personal lives.
There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it.
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
Workouts are like brushing my teeth
Leadership is no more confined to process, than writing is to format
Staying up late reading an analysis of caesars civil war a man who lived by the quote audacity, more audacity, always audacity, his amazing success in life, war, and politics is yet another hwever old testament that fortune trully does favor the audacious a saying that seems to hold more truth with every experience i have
Everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things
not gonna sleep good tonight
No bees, no honey
that was fun
I hate the expression "What makes him tick."  It is the American mind, looking for simple and singular solution, that uses the foolish expression.  A person not only ticks, he also chimes and strikes the hour, falls and breaks and has to be put together again, and sometimes stops like an electric clock in a thunderstorm
going to work out..then mapping and setting up stx lanes for tonight hit me up if you want in
Fight one more round. When your arms are so tired that you can hardly lift your hands to come on guard, fight one more round. When your nose is bleeding and your eyes are black and you are so tired that you wish your opponent would crack you one on the jaw and put you to sleep, fight one more round – remembering that the man who always fights one more round is never beaten
Earlier tonight, I found a picture of Waldo in jail. I didn't think much of it until I realized he was probably a wanted fugitive and that's why he is always hiding
What is opportunity to the man who can't use it?
Dont you find it Funny that after Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), the rest of the week says WTF?
The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers
Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, everyday, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be crazy enough to do.
Someday
There is no better time than now. The time to live is now. The time to dream is now. The time to imagine and forget the past is now. The time to shine is now. The time to bleed, sweat, and determine yourself for the things you want most is now.
All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
All change is not growth
stx on friday hit me up if you want in....The greatest potential for control tends to exist at the point where action takes place.
Dream Great...Achieve Greatness
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves -- to break our own records, to outstrip our yesterday by our today.
When you aim for perfection, you  discover it's a moving target.
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry under your name as a comment.
My alarm clock & I had a fight. It wanted me to get up, I refused. Things escalated. Now I'm awake & it’s broken. Not sure who won the fight
try to learn something about everything and everything about something
think..see. ..act...
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough
Don't always think in a straight line
We do not rise to the level of  our expectations. We fall to the level of our training#SEPARATOR#plis entren al grupo del eski!!!!!!! !!
i won the midna game twice, and she doesnt die, she only gets like in a shoc, but she ends up alive :), anyway, im so happy to talk to u, how is everything going on there? how are neftali, stephany, lewis, andre and everybody else?
Wiiiii, ahora soy hermano de la *PROPNAME*!!! XDXD
Feliz Navidad! XDXD
Hoidia celebro mi pertenencia a mas de 100 grupos! :D
POR FIN VACACIONES!!!!! no poo ser ma feliz XDXD ... :O despues viene media!!
En Viña, vuelvo el 15, chaoo :D
Me voi a Algarrobo x 2 semanas, asi q chaoo! Pasenlo super bien n sus vacaciones XD
Q lo pased dm bkn n las vacaciones!! Yo pronto m desaparesco d fb...
No pueo creer q todos se metan tanto a facebook! Y yo q pense q yo era un viciao execivo! haha... XDXD
Q lo pased dm bkn n las vacaciones!! Acuerdate Coni del desafio XD...#SEPARATOR#Is the Chelsea Fair THIS WEEK?! Where has the summer gone?
Supernatural was KICK ASS yesterday night!
Grrrrrr. WHY am I ridiculously, awkward-moment-inducingly shy sometimes?
Pink :P#SEPARATOR#I'm in whitehorse for 6 weeks
I'm back home and have a new baby brother
I MISS CAMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MOTLEY CRUE JANUARY 23!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IS AT *PROPNAME*'S. *PROPNAME* TO BE EXACT.
avatar was a horrible movie
i dont get y people are afraid of the unknown becaues the unknown is usually way more fun than the known
merry christmas,  happy hanica happy kwanza and whatever other celebrations there are today
happy christmass eve
IT'S CHRISTMAS BREAK!!!!!!!!!!
ONLY 2 MORE YEARS TILL THE WORLD ENDS! I'M STOKED
it's alot of peoples birthday today so happy birthday
73%! highest in my corps
just saw a pink floyd tribute band :)
STOKED FOR MOTLEY CRUE ON SATURDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CRUE ROCKED!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ahhhhhhhhhhh i cant think of what 2 write 4 the next scene of my play im freakin out D=
NSCE phase 1 tomorrow
2nd place!!!
IMPROV SOUTH ISLAND CUP!!!!!!!!! VIC HIGH FTW
MOTLEY CRUE!!!!!!!!! stoked 4 saturday :P
eating chilly... yum =D
EVERYONE IN VICTORIA! go to the improv south island cup finals tonight at 7:30 at vic high to watch some awesome improv and hopefully see vic high win. Tickets are $8.00 for students and $10.00 for everyone else outside the auditorium in the foyier
you'll have to excuse me I'm not at my best, I've been gone for a month, I've been drunk since I left and these so called vacations will soon be my death, I'm so sick from the drink, I need home for a rest
too much popcorn... blaaaaaaaa#SEPARATOR#is sat in the Delphinium wating for the CS121 resit .... joy!
bored
Assebmler has been defeted.
something must be done!
its nearly over, sleep soon ^^#SEPARATOR#A textbook a week, argh...
Still recovering... I look like a big fly!0_0
can read with his right eye now. No worries. ^^
Happy Thanksgiving everyone~
Addicted to Les Miserables...
Block 2 is over! Time to relax...
Finally, a three day weekend to.... catch up with school....
Moving is such a hassle
Memory~ All alone in the moonlight~ I can smile at the old days... When the dawn comes Tonight will be a memory too~ And a new day will begin#SEPARATOR#has analyzed our data to quantize the way we feel... :D
Praying for the sun to stay!
Time to write. Yes. :)
CO-OP in the afternoon! Many lazy mornings to come..! :D
just went on a Sorority Life spree. Painful. But addictive.
has a new favourite scent (ahem): Diesel - Only the brave. :D
has a new favourite scent: Diesel - Only the Brave. <3
"Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self." - *PROPNAME*
Day off tomorrow!!!! Who's up for sledding?!?! Text me!
Arghhhh. Work 2-10:30. ><
ARGH. 2 whole years! Congratulations, *PROPNAME*! You've tolerated me for a total of 730 days! Plus "getting to know you" time... hahaha!
...Solitaire is the shit. :P :D
Just went on a shopping spree. My goodness gracious... I'll be broke for months...
New year's Resolutions? Not to be made. C
1 more day until my weekend!!!! :)
18 more days?! WHAT IS THAT?!?! C:
Where are you now?
Happy new year!
I found God on the corner of 1st and Amistad, where the west was all but won. All alone, smokin' his last cigarette, I said, "Where you been?" He said "Ask anything..."
"So come on, get higher
"So maybe it's true that I can't live without you, and maybe two is better than one..."
"My love, I forgive you
wants to go see AVATAR! Argh! :O
Going down! Faster would be nice, though... :P Haha!
"I thought about him today, and everybody who's seen what he's seen - from a woman on a bus, to a man with a dream. Hey, wake up *PROPNAME*
Oh, look what you've done
Leaving Manitoba Wednesday morning... Not looking forward to it! :(#SEPARATOR#Somehow, i have a feeling that I'm going to need Facebook more this year...  and sorry for dropping out of contact with most people this summer
Happy Thanksgiving.  I'm Bored.
No School Again!!!
Happy New Years Everyone!!!#SEPARATOR#biting heads off of Barbie dolls. Stress sucks.
My skull
*PROPNAME* is now single? Are you serious? It should read, "*PROPNAME* has been single." Anyway, wanna go out? I'm single.
The ladies sweat the style like the squirrel sweats the nuts. Yet, I'm still single. Must be rotten nuts.
Anyone want to pull some strings so I can get into grad school? Also, anyone want to buy my house so I can go to grad school?
I need to tell people I'm single more often. Two girls talk to me in less than 24 hours. That's like twice as many in the last week. Wow. I feel special. That's why I ride the short bus.
Your mom
Also, what's with facebook exploding? I can't even use this stupid thing anymore. How do I fix my profile? Wait, there it is underneath the couch cushion next to the pocket lint hiding under the chest of drawers over yonder by the bureau
Yes, mosquitos in AK are really this big. It is actual size. The size of a grapefruit. Every summer at least three people die from mosquito bites in AK. We need to do something about Global Warming, the mosquitos are planning a revolt! AKns lives depend on cool temperatures! Please think of the Alaskans!!!
pbpbpbppthbphbphthpbhtphbpthbphh
I am bored.
la di da di i like to party i like to love so i don't bother nobody...
420 characters max. Hehehehehehe....'it'd be a lot cooler if you did...'
Why doesn't it say "what's on your mind" next to what you write? My mom joke doesn't work without it. It doesn't make sense. How else do you know that your mom is on my mind if it doesn't say "what's on your mind?"
hahahahahah.....I'm off for the next six days! IT IS AWESOME
I got poked. By *PROPNAME*. Normally I think I'd be much more excited about getting poked, but considering the circumstances (i.e. person) I'm not all that excited. In fact, I'm quite the opposite. Sorry bud but it's still a nub. hahahahaha
"I ain't gonna take my pants off!"
5 hours and 20 minutes of daylight today. TGIF now means Thank God It's not Fairbanks. Then again, I'm thankful tomorrow will be longer than today.
"Come, let us gingerly touch our tips."
"You white, then you *PROPNAME*k"
Why am I still awake? Oh yeah, because I haven't gone to sleep.
Happy merry Christmas friends.
"I will slaughter them like a wolf among lambs. The seas will run red with the blood of my enemies!" "No, I will have my cupcakes, piping hot from their forty watt womb." "That tears it how many times today will I have to hear the word womb?"
Merry Christmas to everyone who reads this!
HEY KIDS!!! ON SALE NOW... The All New *PROPNAME* Action Figure. with super FIRE Breathing Action.....on a side note. I think i have cavities. oh yeah, and I blow fire now so...bow down before my awesomeness!!!!
I can't remember the stupid quote. That is not cool.
adam's mind is thinking about not doing what he's supposed to be doing. shoulda woulda coulda. that's gonna bite me in the ass here in a couple weeks. guess i should get it done. meh. manana.
Must finish apps. Must finish apps. Must finish.....ah well...tomorrow's another day.
"Are you saying my granny was a skank ass ho-bag?"
Bipolar and this job are like *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* or an articulate FOB.
*PROPNAME* is awesome..."complaining about going to the dentist is like complaining about too much education...it's offensive to Alaskans...To *PROPNAME*, I just got finished coloring your wife's book."
Catharsis soothes sore arses in Carthage.
i want more sleep
It's a new year. Five years since I've graduated and I still feel like a loser. Thank you Sabumnim.
Ha! I found it! New quote added...and it's a real one this time. So real it's from my calendar at work!
<blank>
I LOVE *PROPNAME*!
Smitten kittens in mittens while knittin' were spittin' mad until their dad became a part of their fad.
Che Guevara for President!
Err. Things to not do and people to ignore.
I heard the most awesome phrase last night. If you've heard it before I don't care because this ish is gangsta legit.
I wish the naries would get here. I've got things to do and people to ignore.
Happy Birthday *PROPNAME*!!!
FINALLY!!!
New cockney rhyming slang that i've invented recently. *PROPNAME* (gayness) This is the funniest one I've ever come up with. Why? Because he actually is gay. Reeses Pieces (peace). Please feel free to use. Maybe in a couple years one of them will end up in a movie and I can say. That's totally mine. Like when *PROPNAME*'s stole the idea for my shirt. Bastards. I bought one anyway though. Cause it was cool.
"I don't have a girlfriend, but I know a girl that would be really mad if she heard me say that."
SLEDDING
Taxes are done and the Gov owes me more than one. Refund says what?#SEPARATOR#Did Cindy 30 times in 20 minutes and GI jane in 12:11. Save the sex joke, its Crossfit. 2010 crossfit games here I come!!!!
Did *PROPNAME* in 16:37, made money in Vegas, and just had his 3rd 10 hour plus day this week. Life is good
Did *PROPNAME* in 16:37, made money in Vegas, and just had his 3rd 10 hour plus day this month. Not bad
Feels aweful right now. Why do you get sick like this on weekends only... I better not have to use a sick day tomorrow or I will be pissed.
Did *PROPNAME* in 16:37, made money in Vegas, and just had his 3rd 10 hour plus day this month. Not bad...and to clarify *PROPNAME* is a Crossfit workout, *PROPNAME* get your head out of the gutter#SEPARATOR#i am too tired to move. rebecca you are going to have to pick me up or something
packing succccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkksssssss.  I wish I was a gypsy and didn't care about having an infinite selection of outfits at all times
Music is my beach house
C'est dangereux de danse parmi les chiennes de graisse
blue to grey.....grandir et s'envoler.
homecoming, the hunt, and jacqueline's birthday all this weekend!  fml, america, I miss you! no amount of red wine and croissants can console...wish I could be there!  ....happy birthday jacs!!! :(
elephant tea, deeply disappointed in your flavor. lipton you are rubbish stick to soup#SEPARATOR#Don't forget to sign up for the Ultimate Club!!!!
its too HOT to be running
FOR ANYONE THAT IS HAVING TROUBLE GETTING SOMETHING FOR THE HONORS AND AP SPANISH 3 HW GO TO GOOGLE AND SEARCH "NINOS DE LOS INMIGRANTES"
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHAT THE DEAL IS WITH PRACTICE TOMORROW!!!
YEAH!!! I went and saw the chiropractor today. Hopefully this will relieve my back issues
todays run was amazing! I made it to washington st and back in 64:00 min with very little pain in my back! XC meet tmrw @RCC in Moreno Valley
Here's to all of the runners that went to the XC meet today!  Congrats to *PROPNAME* for an amazing performance to win the small schools girls Varsity race with a blistering time of 19:00 min.  And to the entire girls varsity for taking first place for riverside county.  The Boys varsity tied with Banning for the #1 spot.
GO HOUSE CLAVER!!!!!!!
Yesterday was so much fun... @ the Palm Springs Invite we had 2 runners win their race.  I personally came in 17th out of 60 runners in the JV race with a time of 15:05 for 2 miles.
Buenos noches! Hasta manana *PROPNAME* people!
Rejected! The dance was fun last night although it didnt end how i hoped it would. MC turned my offer down
THIS IS TO ALL JUNIORS WHO HAVE BEEN TO UCR TO DO RESEARCH: you can still access the ucr database w//out being @ UCR
I feel accomplished!  I finished 1st for the JV boys in the christian league and 5th overall in the race.  I gotta get mi tarea done now so i will talk to all of you manana
Help me!!!! The H Spanish 3 HW is too hard my article is in spanish and i have to summarize it in spanish
How many XC people are ready for the death race tmrw????
Sorry people that i posted those quizzes ystrday. I shouldnt have done that. they were stupid anyways.
tonight is going to b so much fun! I cant wait to scare the living daylights out of some trick-or-treaters!
can anyone in ap us please fill me in on what i missed friday after i left? it would be much appreciated
AAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! my back has been hurting so bad the past two days. I wish i  didn't have to deal with it anymore. It slows me down at practice and I have trouble getting out of bed in the morning
Does anyone in honors//AP spanish 3 know if we had HW 4 this weeknd?
nite ppl hasta manana
any one in *PROPNAME*'s 7th prd can u tell me what page in *PROPNAME* was the interaction btwn him and his mom was on?
i guess no one cares that i gave away the name of my date to the dance on my last post
HONORS//AP SPANISH 3 PPL: i desperately need t oknow whether we had hw or not
XC ppl wanting to run @ footlocker saturday online registration has been CLOSED now to register u hav to do it in person @ mt sac on friday
ap us ppl, i just found an interesting part of the textbook website that might b beneficial to us when it comes to the tests and RAs
can someone please hire a band of ninja assassins to kill me so i don't have to right my social analysis paper?
if u are a xavier student who has barely or hasn't started  the social analysis paper: we should go tell mr. gilbert that there is no way we can pull off 7 pgs by Tue.  and if you are in the same situation that i am where you've found all of the info that u can about ur topic and haven't hit 7 pgs, we should tell him that 7pgs is OVERKILL!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOhahahaah YES! I finally made it to 1,000 words on my social analysis paper (alec helped)
wants curl up in a ball a lock myself in a closet bc i get the feeling that i will have to repeat english 3 and religion 3 next year
tied for highest grade on raschilla's english final
"FM Static" Tonight's complete, Everyone's asleep, Right now I wanna say these words to You, I'll be Your hand, take me as I am, I just wanna be with You
banging my head against a wall is more productive than writing my social analysis paper
got a new phone for christmas
anyone doing the ap us history study guide for tomorrow? if u noticed it the multiple choice questions arent where they usually are after the LO's. they're near the bottom of the list
Can someone plz explain exactly what we're supposed to do for the Honors//AP Spanish 3 HW?
ppl in raschilla's p. 7 what was the name of the thing written by ezra pound that we had to take notes on?
is stressed out and bored#SEPARATOR#will soon miss the peace and quiet.
"The ages from 13 to 32 are very confusing times" - *PROPNAME*
#VALUE!
"Thank you so much, family and friends for your birthday greetings and wishes! Have a great week... Happy thanksgiving! Hugs!"
2nd week without a cellphone... its like being back in the 90s.
is ready to beat bronchitic asthma's ass with ginger, honey and garlic 
News at 11... where to get the perfect jeans! Seriously?!? When did the news get so stupid?
can't believe she's now allergic to tuyo as well as shrimp!#SEPARATOR#I drilled a hole into my finger.. how do you even do this!?
Donkeys... idk why, they just popped into my head! (he says whilst looking at the Donkey game he was ment to send to his World Vision Kid) woops.
Just sneezed twice... now im all sneezed out. :)
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head. When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status
Brain wakes me up at 5am again. Alarm is set for 6.30am. WHY!?!? then at about 6am, i fall asleep again, and wake up at 6.28am... REDBULL!
Is home now! and ready to sleep! :P not all! sleep well!
felt like falling asleep in the hotpool. im so BLAH! oh well, i'll sleep when i have the time!
My computer keeps flashing me. LIKE ACTUALLY!
Merry Christmas *PROPNAME* the Christmas tree, TAKE A SORE BACK! i decided to sort through my junk, (all the stuff down stairs that i moved recently) so my belongings. and i went to get something! BANG! curl in a ball and cry yourself to sleep. lol! YAY! now im gonna eat some chocolate! 
Donuts.
Welcome to being on call. you now have 3 jobs and counting.
I think i have to institutionalise one of my friends, not point any fingures at karl.....
How messy my room is again.. i love searching for random thngs.. and how nice bed is looking right now! Ninite all, hope you had great dreams and better sleeps!
4 jobs.#SEPARATOR#Is wondering if my work out is actually working?
I'm kicking ass in Vegas =]#SEPARATOR#Love me Dead...
Attention everyone: If you have the misfortune of reading this, then I regret to inform you that I've been seriously injured in a car accident. Okay, maybe not, but I did just lose the game....
Desperately seeking room slash room mate. Can anyone help me out with any leads?
Failing....the next best thing to succeeding.
Anyone think they could help me out by escorting me to the airport Friday morning? I can pay in undying gratitude and awkward silences....
Plan A officially scrapped. Good thing I have plan B right? Airportage at 5:45 in the am!
If a tree falls in the woods and no one is around to hear it, do you still lose the game?
So. Zombieland: Great movie?......or the greatest movie?
Back in the 813....the place to be!
Would you like some failsauce to go with your epic fail?
In Toronto! I'm getting my Canadian on!
Back from vacation. Cruise was fun, but now I feel like I need a vacation from the previous vacation...
Sick! I'm going to blame Northerners...why? Why not?
So there's something about a Super...Bowl? On right now?
So this is what it's like to be bored on a Saturday night...#SEPARATOR#: The bubble picture is up as requested.  On a related note, my bike has fallen victim to the insatiable hunger of *PROPNAME*'s Venus bike trap.#SEPARATOR#is in a good mood, which is a nice change.
is bored being back home already.
needs something to do.
enjoyed lunch today.
Can't be arsed...
needs sleep but doesn't want it to stop being tonight. Damn sleep is an awful habit.
needs something to do tonight.
Remember, remember, the Fifth of November, the Gunpowder Treason and Plot. I know of no reason why the Gunpowder Treason should ever be forgot... But what of the man?
just bought Five Finger Death Punch: The Way of The Fist as well as Breaking *PROPNAME*: Dear Agony, dilemma or what?! Votes below :)
Is disappointed that his new watch did not come in a Heart-Shaped Box.  Cringe I know but I'm bored :(
thinks some people really need to learn to act their age.
will engage his brain before asking anyone if they are free on the 14th of February in future ://#SEPARATOR#i bought it today, but i haven't opened it yet.  actually, i probably won't get to it for another few days since i'll be so busy with moving and setting up everything else.
i belatedly discovered "my so-called" doppelganger while getting my 90s tv fix.#SEPARATOR#Guess I might start using Facebook more then...So much info to port over.
I just moved everything that was on my Myspace to this "wonderful" site. I really don't even know why. I was bored maybe? I bet I'll hardly ever use it.
Almost killed myself trying to get a piece of non-existent parchment paper from my spider infested basement. Also, why would we buy Amish fruit salad? These are the questions
officially hates interpreting poetry.
Bored...gonna go watch Thundercats on 50". Exciting evening, eh?
I can really see this Dislike button being abused for very ironic purposes... (Now, joy, I get to read Jane Eyre)
In the process of trying to write a masterpiece! (oh, the vanity)
SLEEP...
Gonna read "SHF"
bought "Season 1" of the old Thundercats cartoon
Apparently I read better while listening to Pink Floyd. Really helps with stimulating the mind.
Anyone have a need or desire for a (formerly stray) Red Tick Hound Dog?
Reading "A Clockwork Orange", and then on to "Slaughter-House five"...probably
Just slept from 7AM to 5PM @_@. Woops
New (temporary) dog in my house. Concerned about worms, for his sake and Sparky's.
What an ordeal this has been. This dog is killing me. So hard to keep he and Sparky separated too...
Parkour: Not good to practice in the house.
The French have redeemed themselves as a nationality with the invention of Parkour!
I'm going to sleep out of pure boredom. Goodbye for now, conscious world.
Just passed a Mensa practice exam. Did a litlte worse than I should have, due to having misunderstood 2 or 3 questions, and one seemed like a trick. I feel pretty smart right now nonetheless.
Putting up my wonderfully fake tree. It has given me joy (read as pain//hatred) for the past four years now. Now it can grace my livingroom yet again!
Another day gone...so bored, but too uninspired to do anything creative. *sigh* Still gotta write for you *PROPNAME*. Written any more of that?
Starting from chapter one and going from there. Thank you *PROPNAME*!
Well, this poem MIGHT, loosely, imitate *PROPNAME*'s poem... Not sure I used enough imagery
Facebook is very hard to navigate with everything written like a pirate. I'll just have to adjust :)
Mom woke me up today at noon
What's with everyone going to bed so early? The night is still within the nadir. The last remnants of the day remain like a youthful child reluctant to mature. Carpe Noctem!
Sleep. I have the ACT in the morning after all...
Just found a word for word modern translation of Othello
is listening to some kickass Russian hip-hop. I have no clue what they're saying, but it's awesome.
Watching a bunch of movies. I'm starting with "The Quiet Earth"
Wow, already a two-hour delay.
Why so early? It was expected, but no school already?! Zippadee zoodah, zippadee day...
Just curious
Yea, so, *PROPNAME*'s reading assignment...not due tomorrow. Just letting you guys know.#SEPARATOR#what is this, horseville?  because i'm surrounded by naysayers!
I have no phone!  The iPhone 3.1 OS upgrade broke my phone.
My iPhone is down again#SEPARATOR#Meh.
About to go open source because Windows is <random expletive>.
free hugs.
writing, writing, writing, writing . . . writing.
24 revolutions around the sun. Pretty impressive if I do say so myself.
Books are great company, but in all honesty, my apartment is getting a little crowded.
Borderlands, fantasy novel writing, and *PROPNAME*. Yeah, it's been a good day.
Do what you want cause a pirate is free. You are a pirate!
Work work work.
Medication, medication, medication . . . science fiction? Fighting a cold can be interesing.
Suggested song lyrics: I want to be an interplanetary business man, yeah, bringing discounts to the farthest star. I want to be that hyperspace negotiator, making deals on Jupiter and Mars.
This is not relevant to my interests.
And he said, "Let there be tacos!" And there was.#SEPARATOR#The latest and newest diet plan that works! Its in the news http:////xs.md//KPV
just had a great evening and just loved it :)
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right :D happy new year everybodyyyyy :D
I hate homeworks on holidays, especially when i have a little time to finish a lottt of it :(
happy new year ... at last its 2010 :)
found a baby gooobay outside her door :D
feels great to be back home !!!!!!#SEPARATOR#Oct 7th
Yawn, Feels like . . .
someone available for 'chat'? its truly boring. mafia wars isnt loading
Life is so dull without the element of surprise
someone at last
Waiting for 'THE CALL OF DUTY'
Argentinoosss....Gran juego, mejor de las suertes ! ! !
i guess, time is not right . . .
B-Day Calender is a good appl..u must try it..its simple,user friendly nd moreover,it realy works-i m usin it..
friends list in mafia is filling up to the limit...
nd u know, i met a frend of mine who is presently workin for ZYNGA - yes, the same ZYNGA who made MAFIA WARS....
OMIGAWD, thank YOU
can someone take care of my mafia, nd my farms while i am away?? i wont take long..
B'lore..here I come...
anyone has an extra concealable camera??
5inte paisa polum enta kayyil illa....appola 'treat'
got back home, cleaned and oiled my gun, armed and ready to take on whoever challenges my reign....nd, i hav not forgotten the 4 possums who beat me in MAFIA while i was away.we'l' deal one by one....
zynga,i m not able to sent season gifts to anyone via MAFIA..dunno what s the problm....but i keep recievin gifts from my matesm nd i get a bad feelin that i m not returnin the favour...sort t out..
Wish you all a VERY HAPPY 'Christmas'..enjoy with your family and friend..spread the smile.. Look in your socks in the morning and you ill find a gift - from Him.. Lets spread the Joy nd pray to let peace reign everywhere in the world..
Merry Christmas..Celebrate the day with ur family, wine nd cake.... nd Christians, go to church...lastly, thanks to my buddy who msgd me xactly at the stroke f midnight, i made a jerk out f myself in the church, with evryone staring at me - made my day special..lol!!!!
Life s da best teachr..Ironically,som tough lessns r learnd whn life goes through da smoothst of da seas... 1 thought to share:If u want to win frends,make t a point to remembr all f thm.Often,we tend to care for da ones that r closest to us,nd by that way,we move farther away from da others.. Like someone said,friendship s like a china..beautiful in itself,but once broken,will leave traces even if its glued back..
reached my 500 limit in MAFIA..and continuing up... a special thanks to all mafia frends...
coastin......
but the good thing is that today, i fired all my rounds .. so, i'll hav to drive to town to fetch the next set f cartridges today coz, u kno, ive got nothin else to do tomorrow.....obvously,if life goes like this,1K rounds per year limit is way too far that, it'll seem like a tiny dot....
Unless a miracle happens, life s gonna be a rough ride ahead !!! . . .
back
Holidays comin to an end...Back to action tomorrow.. Wish u all a prosperous year ahead..God Bless !!!!#SEPARATOR#is waiting....
is waiting....
so... Dear Facebook, .. you deactive your account, and after you activate it all your groups are gone - Pleasant surprise huh!
what a great night - *PROPNAME*'s Cantina is def. the place to be.
wants to go to the Cuban-Puerto Rican festival tomorrrrrrrow
hates airlines!
got a plaaaaaace to live and her car will be shiiiiped:) so 99% will be in ithaca on the 6th of Nov and given that that's a friday will parteyyyyy! Who is up for it?!
hmm...
feels special:)
tralala my car is packed and ready to go....
is NOT in Boston YET but she will be soon.
...
plodchetata:)
hmmm off facebook again?
WOOHOO:) is secretly CLEARED:)
1.) facebook - FIX the update bug on the Share on the Home page. 2.).... ughhh wish i got a relocation package.... 3.) 
looking for *PROPNAME* in Boston//Providence - anybody know anything?
trying to optimize windows vista - all suggestions welcome!
ughhhhhh!
loves her work and coworkers!
has Cable:)
so.... i gotta spend 1200-1300 on tires.... nice eh
: control arms
Arnuihooo :( R.I.P.
arni :'(''''oO
is gonna get Zumba certified
Happy Halloween everyone!
wanted to go to Las Haciendas 2nite...
moved into her apartment last night and is loving it:)
arni:(
may be in Ithaca on the night of Nov. 6th.
loves her blue water view
arniuho :(
-3 F!
didn't get home until 5:30am ... cause she had to drive an hr+ back fromm boston in rain and fog but it was totaly worth it getting in 15 minutes before the club closed:) xuxuxuxu
so.... i gotta spend 1200-1300 on tires.... nice eh
is happy cause *PROPNAME* called her::):)
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*! :'(
hopes there is a delayed opening tomorrow:) hehehe
another shitty day...completed by a shitty evening
ughhhh!
just took her first hot shower in a month:)!!! Yupeee... It felt SO good
is exhausted..
is thankful for her friends
F'ing RI and its ppl
loves the jewelry her aunt sent her from bulgaria... and the boots & pants her mom and sis sent her from houston:) AND her itty bitty car:) hehehe especially since she got a second car wash for free at tasca today hehe
does a 40degree F difference matter? when its bw 20 and 60?
Dear facebook: Please make me happy and allow me to use your application at least on the holidays... when i actually have the desire to: in other words -> FIX YOUR PLUGINS!
what a great night:) ZZZ.
5//6//2010 - Springfield, MA $55 - Lord of the Dance, who wants to go? (send me a msgs and lets go together)
Happy New Year!!!:)p
Who is up to going to Washington DC for Lord of the Dance in APril?>
prefers illegal-mexicans construction work to white american
ok so it appears that people couldn't even comment on my poll:) so here it is again --- seems like everyone wants to write on my wall:) and i have been getting complains,.... so here is a poll: Do u want to write on my wall? Yes//No.. :
wants to go to the aventura concert at mohegan sun
got home at 3... went to bed at 330, got up at 730, went to work at 830, left work at 530, got home at 600, took e nap at 630, woke up at 830... dinner shower and havana
YUPII:) VW !!!
: my head is killing me:(
VW ... 
just woke up
*PROPNAME* needs to fix its record keeping big time!
someone tried to steal my car tonight and my car told me :) YAY! ?
when does facebook start classifying updates as Recent Activity?
Beverly Hills, CA or London, UK ...
I don't get some people...you offer to help them- they are lazy and don't bother to send their shit... months later when its too damn late they ask you to help them.. wtf
seems like everyone wants to write on my wall:) and i have been getting complains,.... so here is a poll: Do u want to write on my wall? Yes//No.. :
...
its nice to have unexpected friends whom u talk w once a month or two
WTF a grand a month...luxury my ass --- manager tells me to write neatly cause sincce i am a scientist she cant understand my writing --- hello!!! since when r u supposed to understand a signature - so i wrote her a 2 page single spaced letter explaining how i want my money back and my car fixed!
has to build her facebook app...
FUCK RHODE ISLAND
slept uh.... 16 hrs?!
*PROPNAME* - *PROPNAME*#SEPARATOR#Needs to get the internet at home
Why did the dog have to eat the most expensive jacket I have
Doesn't like getting off work to see his car encased in 1//2 an inch of ice.
Likes to dance in skirts#SEPARATOR#is a licensed driver again! woo hoo
dear baseball...please give me someone to root for!
JM3 Tonight!!! woo hoo#SEPARATOR#is lonely.
is studying to take the NCLEX. Why does everyone hate on wanting to do nothing with your life? Lol. Apparently that just isn't an option.#SEPARATOR#The bike home for lunch is rather exhilarating when oversized truck make right turns from the left lane, without turn signals.  At least do it when the light is green maybe?
Finally decided on a new name for kitty! Sassafras :)
sassafras has the sniffles :(
is so glad that the fire alarm will save us from excess water vapor. . . from the dryer.  grrr.
from my vet school app, hours I have spent working & volunteering with animals and veterinarians: 3690
marathon on the square at 10pm for happy hour?
kitty thinks my leg is fun to climb up.  ow.  But it's hard to be mad when the purpose of the climb is to snuggle with me :)
is kinda glad my front brake is now functional, otherwise I would likely have been squashed by a little yellow car today.
just got a kitten!!!  Any name ideas for the itty bitty kitty?
mmmm. . . cannibalism day in my dead ppl class :)#SEPARATOR#extends special thanks to *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!  Now on to the literature review ...#SEPARATOR#is enjoying the cricket...comfy boxers and rainy weather...is it too soon for a beer?
can't believe that her son walked up to the Christmas tree stating 'J'. I was a little confused until he took a candy cane off the tree and proceeded to turn it upside down :-D
got home from shopping all evening (*PROPNAME* and kids in tow) and then wrapped presents all night...and it still isnt finished...*yawn*
- so, this morning *PROPNAME* gets up to play and he goes over to the carpet where the light was shining through the blinds casting shadows...he then proceeds to tell me the different letters the sun is making on the carpet... 'I', 'T' and 'L' to be exact
needs beer...actually, any kind of alcohol will do...
is sick of being sick!
is enjoying the cricket but has no fingernails left.
would like the rain back!
had a great day yesterday thanks to aunties babysitting :0)
I did the Macarena with a pickle at the dinner table because the voices told me to.
So...*PROPNAME* can now count backwards from 10 :-)
So...apparently, according to urban dictionary...A women named *PROPNAME* is typically very beautiful with an incredible body and nice eyes. They are known to be very loveable. *PROPNAME* are envied by other women...haha...I wish!#SEPARATOR#Preparing the different meals I can eat for my "bulking" diet with my custom workout program starting Tuesday. In theory this should be better than P90X, HIT, 5x5, etc. Counting calories is tedious, but it's the best way to make real progress.
Exit Silicon Valley, Enter Silicone Valley
Finally saw Avatar in IMAX 3D last night, simply AMAZING!
Going to DC tomorrow! Will crash the White House like the Salahis while I'm there.
Back in Miami#SEPARATOR#Just bought a cute pair of purple pumps : )
Not yet - going to movies tonight...
is sick in bed.  Coughing like and old hag and looking decidedly ropey : (
If you can't walk in heels take a taxi... Coco Chanel
I haven't opened the blinds yet but from the sound of the wind and the rain I think that the world may be about to end...
is bloody freezing....
Thanks everyone for all the texts etc...  Finally feeling human again!  I don't think I've ever been so sick.  Went out for the first time in 12 days this morning! Talk about cabin fever...  Back to work on Wednesday - am even looking forward to it!
Typical, just when I'm finally able to go out again it's blowing a gale and bloody raining...
I've finally arrived creaking into the facebook generation!  Hello everyone#SEPARATOR#is THRILLED with the new *PROPNAME* album, over the moon really
will be in NYC Friday - Tues, hit me up to hang!
wonders if anyone in the LA area has a classroom of children that would enjoy some entertainment, story book reading and children's comedy.  With someone who needs credits for this, let me know if you know!
wonders if indeed *PROPNAME* has "Gone Rogue" that means it's hunting season?  Figurative sense, figurative sense!
gonna go swimming tonight, let me know if ya wanna dip
"All the old bindings are broken. Cosmological centers now are anywhere and everywhere. The earth is a heavenly body, most beautiful of all, and all poetry now is archaic that fails to match the wonder of this view." - *PROPNAME*, *Myths to Live By*
need someone with PR experience to volunteer their time to help with racebending.org, you interested in helping save the world?#SEPARATOR#I did not get the job.  Guess I'm thankful that I'm stuck where I am, tho'
Up again, going through stuff about work.  Crap!
My firstborn turned 21 years old today.  :}
Happy Thanksgiving to all my facebook friends and family.  I am thankful for all of you!  Have a wonderful day with yours!
Aristotle is following my curser.  He's blocking my entire screen.  I can't do anything here~get away, kitty.  You'll never catch this mouse!#SEPARATOR#Eid Mubarak :)#SEPARATOR#not feelin too good :(
It's raining!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! heck yes! it's about time#SEPARATOR#Supervisor: *PROPNAME* (second preference) Research Area: Regional Economic Integration (fifth prefernece) …… 
Tentative Examination Schedule, Semester 1, 2009//10. .
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm mnbvcxzlkjhgfdsapoiuytrewq
Pa><dol x 2
cartography+Select. Topics in the Geography of China     (????F?add?...)
DEA DEA DEA :D#SEPARATOR#I was totally freaked out tonight while driving home with Janice at 12am. The black coupe next to me matched my speed even though I was going fast and then he continued to match me speed as I slowed down. So I turn to look at the driver of the car and he's wearing a mask. A rubber mask reminiscent to freddy cruger. 0_0 I almost had a heart attack. I then slowed down a lot and he continued on... oh my goodness...
In my 10 min stop at 85*C bakery in Irvine, I saw 4 people I knew...
Then at Costco tonight, I find out my atm card is blocked due to potential fraud. Now I need to stop by the bank tomorrow for a temporary card... I wonder if this qualifies for fml...
Quite possibly the worst couple days ever: yesterday almost cried at work. I apparently have the 2 worst classes in the school- lowest freshman math. Who I see for four periods.  And which stole a student's wallet.#SEPARATOR#youtube rules. it honestly does
green day sounds like techno dance mixy when sped up
i love taking back sunday. they are definetely one of the best bands ever.
HEY does anyone remember tiny toons? that definatly has to be 1 of the BEST cartoons EVER!!!!!!! im watchin it now on youtube. ahh the 90's.
i wish how 2 play acoustic guitar. it sounds really pretty when you play it right.
another thing im happy about is that schools out 2morrow!! YAY!!!! :) :D
i love ddr. im listenin 2 speed over beethoven. its SO COOL!!!!
go go emo rangers woah!! yall should expect me to watch somethin like that. lol i love the theme song though. i know it sounds like mighty morphin but it still sounds cool
i think solitaire hates me. i almost never win. I DONT KNOW WHY!!!! otherwise just listenin to music. rip shaniya davis. her mother is just frikken crazy. what i wanna do is cuss her the freak out but i cant on here cuz i have adults that can read this. dang.
rock and roll baby, dont u know that we're all alone now, i need something to sing about
:::copy this into your status and see what people rate you. 1:Crazy. 2:I'd Marry you. 3:Talkative. 4:Sarcastic. 5:Bangable. 6:Clubhead. 7:Moody. 8:Dumb. 9:Spoiled. 10:Mouthy. 11:Random. 12: Hot. 13:Funny. 14:Fit. 15:Amazing. 16:Tough. 17: Cute. 18: bf//gf type. 19:Playa. 20:The Best. 21:God Loving. 22:Smart. ...23:Loving.... 24:Loyal. 25:Trustworthy. 26:Fake. 27:Spiritual....
i might be sick with a cold. its not fun. at all. and im frustrated cuz i cant find a powerpoint i was workin on yesterday. today is just not my day.
they call me MR. PIG!!!! AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! i love the lion king
AHHHHHHHHHHH!! IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!!!!
just listening to cool R&B. people like mary j blige and tamia and kc & jojo
yeah its me!! im finally here!!
im so happy... no school tomorrow... YAY!!
nst nst nst nst nst nst nst nst nst nst
@ the library. listenin 2 music. otherwise really bored.
for some reason i have the turkish march stuck in my head... what do i do to get it out?
for some reason, im watchin schoolhouse rock videos. im so bored.
BLACK!! :) :P
digimon digital monsters digimon are the champions. change into digital champions to save the digital world.
night yall
omg one of the most beautiful songs ever is "alone in this bed" by framing hanley. it really is.
ok im back...im free to talk.
im excited for the new semester 2morrow!! but im dissapointed cuz i probably wont be able to see certain ppl (rachael and sarah know who im talkin about)
My Grandma's in the hospital. I'm going to see her with my dad.
stunning teletubbies and making them feel pain is sooooooooooooo fun
its official, i love christian rock#SEPARATOR#some girls just need to keep their noses out of other ppls business and keep to themselves!!!! bitches...
Vegas was awesome...now Christmas time!!!!
4boys+2girls+VEGAS=Wild and fun weekend!!!! :D
surgery went well...just resting at home. not too much pain cuz its still a lil numb.
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
exctied my bday gift is getting my stitches out
Happy Valentine's Day!#SEPARATOR#according to the authorities marikina dam will be open. people living in marikina and lower antipolo will be affected by it so stay in higher places.
I'm so addicted with My Zoo.. ^_^
Very Confused and Scared..
"i'll stay on the bleachers" - favorite quote for now.. ^_^
Finally End of Work!!
I want to travel anywhere..
sun # 09234358268.. pki save.. ska pki txt aq kng may sun kau.. thanx!!
I gave up what I can't keep for something I can never lose..#SEPARATOR#back in cali!!!#SEPARATOR#Question: What would have happened if Adam and Eve had eaten from the "Tree of Life" before eating from the "Tree of Knowledge"?
I think *PROPNAME* is quite a little beuity.
I'm ecstatic! I just spoke briefly with *PROPNAME*'s lawyer. Based on some "case files" I emailed her, we have enough evidence to prove CPS's removal of the kids was illegal and grounds for an emergency hearing. We believe we have enough evidence to cost both CPS and Humble PD their "qualified immunity", allowing us to file a civil suit against them and the apartments. ANYONE KNOW A GOOD CIVIL ATTORNEY???
*PROPNAME*'s kids won in KBXX-97.9 "MADD HATTA'S ELVES" Christmas contest. They get to go to an invitation only Christmas party at Dave & Busters Monday morning. Unfortunately. *PROPNAME*'s daddy does not want to let him go because of all the CPS stuff.
Things went better. *PROPNAME* was able to retain her composur and not break down in court. The judge referred the case to "mediation". We go to that Jan 29th.
Lord willing and with his blessing. I claim in the name of Jesus: "Today we get the kids back." All Prayers are welcome.
Please keep *PROPNAME*'s family in your prayers tonight and tomorrow. We have to be in court at 9am. Really pray for the oldest *PROPNAME* went to his dad's for his summer visit and had his mother, brother and sister stripped from him for six months. CPS is providing Christmas for the other two but not him.  I sure hope we succeed at stripping them of their "immunity" and make them pay for what they've done to this family.
I stopped by and visited with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Only stayed about twenty minutes. I sure will be glad when they can come back home.
Well we are on hold until next Wed. Both CASA and CPS are demanding current prescription records all though they have through the last court date and did not request these until yesterday. *PROPNAME*'s theropist did not show either, but he is being supenaed for Wed.
*PROPNAME* just told me Tuesday, that her cancer has progressed to stage 4.
Could teenage "Huffing" be the result of modern day child proofing and the parent neglecting to actually teach the child, "THAT WILL KILL YOU".
Can anyone out there tell me if Jesus was EVER anointed in OIL? He was babtized in water and anointed in the Holy Spirt which is why he is called the "anointed one". Can anyone tell me yes or no. If yes I need scripture reference. Thank you.#SEPARATOR#Go Gators! 8 and 0.... Now, lets see if the Vols help us clench the SEC east :) oh, and HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!!
enjoyed the football and fun of the weekend, and now its back to reality.
I love Mondays.... can every one grasp the sarcasm in that statement. I hope so.
I don't understand why some people make it so hard for you to be nice to them. I dont understand why I'm worrying about it anyway, they sure aren't.
Thanksgiving cooking! Fun or stressful, I'll decide later.
ITS FRIDAY!
To my veteran friends, family, and strangers alike
just can't get into the Monay state of mind.
Who can tell me how to not be a fan of something anymore?
I don't want to get sick, but I think it's happening anyway :(
Can't decided if she is going to Jacksonville Saturday or not.
Hooray! Home from work.
What was LSU thinking?
Do you remember that song "Break Stuff" by Limp Bizkit? Thats kind of the day I'm having.
Back to work. Trying to get everything cleaned up before the New Year. If you saw my desk, you would understand why I am starting now :)
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
People should not encourage me to drink until 4 o'clock in the morning :(
and the Bucs pull it out in Overtime! Way to go!
*PROPNAME* leaves the SEC, HOORAY
I have SO happy the Ravens are getting a good start today! I love playoff football.
I'm getting calls back on my resume, it makes me hopefull I will find the right job :)
I just can't get into the swing of things today.
What sad news for the Gator nation today, the resignation of Urban Meyer. Our prayers will be with Coach Meyer and his family.
Upon what basis do we judge other people? Is it ithe experiances that we ourselves have, or the belifes in which we hold?
is unemployed, and thinks its a good thing :)#SEPARATOR#I know many people have faced this issue before, but MIT Graduate Admissions should stop denying the existence of Caltech...
According to a certain oil//gas industry recruiter, 3.4 < 3.0.
It's creepy how facebook suggests that a certain friend has too few friends.
It's really irksome when a grad school application recognizes 'California Institute of Locksmithing' but not 'California Institute of Technology.'
Contra Costa County is now recruiting prison cooks at Caltech.  I didn't know they needed prison cooks that badly.  Besides, there's probably a 3.5 GPA requirement somewhere...
We consider a pure gas composed of rigid, nonattracting spherical molecules of diameter d and mass m, and the number density (number of molecules per unit volume) is taken to be n.
Apparently "California Institute of Technology" is too long a name for MIT Graduate Admissions.
The moral of Ninja Assassins: if you're ever attacked by black pajama-clad assassins, your only chance of survival is riding in a Volkswagen Eos.
just realized that it's cheaper to run his car on lard in Texas ($6.22//gallon) than on diesel ($6.77//gallon) in the UK.
I love how Techers are always tagged as "The Smart One."
told the guy behind the fish counter to gut a catfish by mimicing longitudinal write slices.
Fun( baiting Russian trolls) > Fun( baiting generic trolls)
What's this song I'm hearing on the radio with sirens, screams and gunshots?  Oh right, it's "Santa Claus is Coming to Town."
Good thing Caltech doesn't have a front gate
My family now has 1 car//person, down from 1.25 cars//person.
The AeroPress is back in business.  America, fuck yeah!
9//9.  Finally done.
My 2005 *PROPNAME* has a ridiculously sharp throttle response.  I wonder if it has anything to do with the unintended acceleration problems...
wonders why engineers are overrepresented in terrorist organizations.
Mass Effect 2: It's nice to see that the Nigerian 419 scam is still going strong in 2184, this time with Batarians trying to recover quarantined Prothean artifacts.
I don't know why new car dealers in Houston insist on all-season tires on all their products.  We have snow one day every 3 years!
Note to 'The Wildlife Fund': Fuck you, stop pestering me about your $500 'donation' to my nonexistent 'zoo'.
Dear BioWare: Dragon Age is a wonderful and entertaining game, but epic fail on the load times.  At least make the wait entertaining.  Instead of blood tracks on a map (or awkward elevator rides), how about a 2D hack 'n slash minigame?
Southern rap: oh, the amazing things you can do with a minimalist palette of shouts, chants, and grunts.
Stanford says no. :(#SEPARATOR#Flu sucks
Back to work sucks, especially when you have the double wammy of being nocturnal and freezing limbs
scored another interview!!!!!!
why is it that we only realize our own insignificance, when we vainly reach for the stars?
black
to take, hold, or steal your heart. a person who is a soulmate. a good lover
nothing...
just found out Chinese New Year is on Valentine's Day... that makes two holidays I have no one to celebrate with... and no, I'm not sulking#SEPARATOR#I need new pictures all of mine are old
I am a filthy swine
Today was the *PROPNAME*'s B day :( R.I.P.#SEPARATOR#Is watching Sweeney Todd (forgot it was a musical xD)
has lovebites.
Give me some help people what are the aurgements for or agaisnt giving some one`s genetic information without there consent?
Is a Sad Panda since is wet, tired and cold from jogging from the union to hawthorns in the rain =(
is a bad person
Selling Nikon D60 Digital SLR Camera - Black with lense (AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f//3.5-5.6G VR) for £330 contact if intrested.
is really stupid...
Squirrel!!!
is so lucky to have a friend as BRILLIANT as *PROPNAME*. and also loves *PROPNAME*. but everyone knows that *PROPNAME* is an elbow bashing DICK.
is stupid#SEPARATOR#misses the kitty-cats
Dear Santa, next year I just want a smaller ass.#SEPARATOR#Debating on whether or not to drink...alcohol...
is really into the Cocteau Twins and Depeche Mode right now.#SEPARATOR#
is saying that the Vikings better kill the lions as if they were Stanford killing the trojans yesterday!!!
PPPPPPoker face PPPoker face
Its ok its ok its ok you can run and tell yo friends that im on im on im on u can run and tell my city its on!!
G Dot Attorney at Law
Yeah VIKINGS are the best...
PURPLE PEOPLE EATERS!!
You just gotta love checks and balances...
GO VIKES!!
TGIF Hopefully I can have some fun too...#SEPARATOR#Up to 249 friends already, nearly to 250!
wow. I was searching my name in facebook, and suprisingly enough, i'm not the only *PROPNAME* in the world (obviously), and they all seem to resemble me in some way.....try it! facebook search your name and check out the crazy resemblances (if any)
oh great! i've found the new billy mays! just saw him on a commercial advertising this scratch remover stuff
does anyone have HOPE, coach abel?
nothing like a nice bike ride on a nice day like this....
298 friends!!! almost to 300!!!
Woot! Thanksgiving break! Let's give thanks for this wonderful break, and the boredom we will receive!!
yay! up to 205 friends on facebook (and counting) already! never knew i had so many friends..
best......night......EVER!!!!!!
woot! 301 friends and counting!!
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!! THEY USED BEETHOVEN'S PATHETIQUE NO. 1 ON ATT NEW COMMERCIAL!!!! THIS IS LIKE INSANE!!
on my way to new york!!
had a GREAT time at the South Florida Fair!! Especially with Deven!
one month!!
i need formspring questions people!!
Happy//Sad//Boring Valentine's Day everyone!
The Greaser is coming back......#SEPARATOR#Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior... We need to get God back in America... If you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status...
We had a wonderful Thanksgiving day!  Reminded me how amazing my family is.  So glad to see those members of my family who needed it most enjoy having all their family gathered around...
CHALLENGE...In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! Put this on your page if you know someone who has or had cancer . Dear God, I pray for the cure of cancer. (93% won't copy and paste this, will you)
*PROPNAME* 7th birthday today!  Took him out to watch Jackie Chans new Movie The Spy Next Door yesterday and out to eat at Red Robin...*PROPNAME* sat through his first movie at the theatres lol Today doing pizza and cake here at home.  I'll send out invites to a party here soon#SEPARATOR#Bout to go to sleep. Goodnight for tonight. Yoooo that just rhymed
tired of all the bull ish. Im bout to just say screw it cause i dont have time for people and there drama. stepping back into senior mode 2010 FINAL YEAR, HELL YEAH
*PROPNAME* make things work#SEPARATOR#Laundry, then packing, then maybe sleeping....AHHHH... ENGLAND TOMORROW!
is sorry if she did not reply to text messages or phone calls. her iphone is dumb :( and had decided it doesn't want the touch screen to work...
is back in the US.
Me "Will you X me?" *PROPNAME* "No. I don't do things like that."
thinks she should throw more clothes away so she will be forced to do laundry more...
My Indian address: 109 Blincoe Avon, Belmont Across from field next to warehouse, on curve Virginia, USA#SEPARATOR#GO CAVS!
CAVS ROCK THE HOUSE#SEPARATOR#Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!
Merry Christmas all!
ATTENTION - READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT: If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service, do NOT click it. It's a virus. Please post this on your own site for your friends. REPOSTING
I was dreaming of a white christmas, but now am dreaming of sunshine and warm weather :)#SEPARATOR#Rõõmsaid jõulupühi ja palju südamesoojust neil lumistel talvepäevadel!
Mõnusat vana-aasta lõppu ning kõike kaunist uuel aastal! :)
Kaunist sõbrapäeva kõigile! :)#SEPARATOR#In Canada with fam
Thank you all.  God bless!#SEPARATOR#Merry X-Mas!
is moving today. I've had to move 7 times in the last 4 years... At least my U-haul platinum membership is coming in handy.  :-//#SEPARATOR#black#SEPARATOR#Thanks for all the Birthday and Christmas Wishes! I really appreciate it!#SEPARATOR#Seriously, if a guy that you're dating ever says or does anything to you that is really f*ed up, then leave immediately. Do not just keep hoping things will change for the better...they really WON'T.
Still waiting....so glad Monday's a holiday!
Why did they discontinue naptime after kindergarten?!?! I need a nap!
Yay, finally got my computer set up at my house so I can actually USE the internet I'm already paying for!
UGGGGGGHHHHH! My WoW account is totally screwed up and now they've "permanently disabled" it. So not cool!
Wowsa....greeeeeeeat job news down the grapevine today! Uber-productive week!
I feel like I'm drowning in paper work, uggh! :X
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, cold day! Where are those 40+ degree temps we're supposed to be getting?!?!?!
Awesome! First sunny day in ages...but now it's coldddddddddder again! :) :(
Woot woot! Good week...super productive and busy, just the way I like it!!!
I hope it snows enough to go sledding...who wants to go sledding with me!?!
Crap, I think my eyes hate me. Far away stuff is super blurry now!!!!
Rain, rain, go away, don't come back 'til I'm away!
It's not that I can't live without you
It's a beautiful day in a neighborhood, a beautiful day in a neighborhood, somewhere else in the world...#SEPARATOR#Just wanted to thank everyone for all the support (and great tips) yesterday, it meant alot! made it through yesterday without smoking at all...and still going strong! :)
using facebook as procrastination for practicum applications...beautiful lol
First day quitting smoking...wish me luck!!!
you know when you work your @$$ off for a really long time and then finally one day it all pays off? today was that day :)#SEPARATOR#Totalled my car last night. Luckilly no one was injured. Thank god I have GAP insurance.  Merry Christmas
Oh well.  Only two things to do when your team gets crushed in the playoffs. And I just so happen to have booze handy.
And the cabin fever begins.#SEPARATOR#Facebook me marea. Me hates it long time T-T#SEPARATOR#Red#SEPARATOR#About mornings and winter,and magic.
little things give you away.#SEPARATOR#is wishing it was Saturday.
is studying hard for the G.R.E.#SEPARATOR#snipers get more head#SEPARATOR#Last night was amazing! Not only did I see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s LAST performance of RENT, but we also ended the night at 3 Fires Lounge were the whole cast was celebrating!#SEPARATOR#I think it will run out 20 ulan will bk ckckckck theme tomorrow must bring a handkerchief for Kevin Immanuel Hp Vincent San Marino wkakakakkk LOL coming home with a joyful school together Samuel Gilbert and Vincent San Marino so My Top Profile Viewers Angelica Lumamig 436 views Albertus Kelvin D'Electron 83 views Chris Ithu James 42 views Aloy Renaloy 30 views See who views your profile at sms again nyolotan sama Drama Permai seru lohh mau iktu tidak Vincent San Marino Samuel Gilbert oi Vincent San Marino Samuel Gilbert B 71 JL car anyone wkwkwk bosen Adeline Jap Smart Albert Julian Adrian Renaldi Adriana Clarisza Adam Lambert w oh really w rks This gl tch giv s you fr e facebook way in author Up to 750 why you can le rn hwhr good always remember the voice of the teacher hha tlong do not have the fuel and sms i dluu so Kangen sama fs hha Tomorrow school swt copas from Vendria Tanuwijaya nnyatntang Vincent San Marino move house hha if every there january mop februari mop maret Mop and sterus na enk it suffer rain and stupid all of this time jokes and laughter the day you went away numbers blakang na 7 all dehh make myspace dong 21abf9bb sorry nyemplung to toilet in rikimaru801 ccad download 1GB i gabby kurniawan sjarah dtempel di bku tidak In hvs only pertamaxx 'xpa who play battle station comment plis there just ye complained jeremia ivan said oi already came out this white to llt wkwkwk open new calendar open new day open new spirit open new school open new city open new card open new house DISAPPOINTING Tiger opponent garuda di rikimaru80 Ga no movie Boring ijo what sii wkwkwk Malay mrs krna laser brrr it's time to sleep Woy This facebook owner let's we pernag who belongs inib this Fb prove if you are the owner of this facebook is important CARD OF DEAD LO UDAH THERE IN HAND Gw Useless you fight i know all of it if you know i sebener its sure you know me I know all i also 1 school with you i ancurin Facebook you if necessary I close his account asik na spaa wkwkwk Ckck Tu child ska bnget sihh follow my stats Wkwkwk Ckck Tu child ska bnget sihh follow my stats Wkwkwk ledgermyane 42339hp wkwkwk It's my life thanks God Red 1 Wkwkwkwk Wolver balls Wkwkwk Class 4 5 His era friendster class 6 7 facebook class 8 era twitter class era#SEPARATOR#Like on TS Puri 160 Make your own jersey Wow my boots time is very competitive pcfaster Hmm Want to watch nihh The gamau galaau galaau status wrote the status of a musingin pacaran mluu kinds pentingg right have a girlfriend gedek lama2 liatnya Have Fun D Traffic jam watch Despicable me 2 pnasaran jdnya Christian Is not a religion but its the way of life Erastus Sabdono RehobotMinistry You dont turn your back on family even if they do Dominic Toretto good enough must be better 10th I need somebody to love tomorrow who joined classmet wakilin my class smangat yah maennya good luck for You all Borobudur Temple Borobudur Temple Borobudur Temple Borobudur Temple Borobudur Temple Museum Vredeburg Fort Alun2 Selatan Jogjakarta at Malioboro Jogjakarta Ahmad Yani Airport Semarang 4days in Central Java Everyone has come into your life for a reason some for good or bad they may shape us Break us but in the end they make us the Real Madrid unveiled the deal with Emirates and the 13 14 Kit want to break the head it feels I'm 19 years old I think I'm doing a pretty good job Justin Bieber Justin won Top Male Artist and Milestone Award on Billboard Music Awards 2013 Real Madrid 1 2 Atletico Madrid Again2 krna hockey win from madrid You know My name but not my story You see my smile not my pain You notice my cuts not my scars You can read my lips not my mind Bestfriends are for you brightest when you're at your darkest moments Never cry for the person who hurts you just smile thank you for giving me a chance to find somebody better than you nice tattoo Coming soon i better not talk but talk but not dtepatin laugh LOVE it arise from EYE down to my HEART LOVE It arises from the EYE rises to the BRAIN down to the HEART of shock madrid to lose Everything you want Action speaks louder than word Sometimes when you wonder why you can not hear God's voice during your trials Remember the teacher is always quiet during t He test Be you believe in you and allow for tomorrow's dreams Vin Diesel I'm everything I am Because you love me enough for today thanks God Lonely Lesson from crayons some are sharp To live in the same box Coming soon Happy Birthday Justin 19thBIEBERBIRTHDAY There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you have had enough Forgive me if I was wrong Im just normal human Nothing's perfect thats why pencil need eraser You can not be real with Do not judge me unless you know me Do not talk about me unless you've talked to me Happy Valentine Maybe it's not always about trying To fix something broken maybe it's about starting over and creating something better I like to be there for people because I know what it's like to have a number one smoga bisaa tampilll aminn exit Happy Chinese New Year 2013 Perfect is not when tw O people are together If you want to trust it, you trust my ability If he does not help you it means he trusts yours Everybody knows how to love but only Few people know how to stay in love with one person for a very long period of time I'm far from perfect but I will be perfect for that imperfect someone who is perfect for me Saying I'm fine when you're not it's nothing When it's everything I'm done when you know you still wanna try I do not need a perfect relationship I just need someone who will not give up on me ohhh i know laugh Before you assume this method called ask Emang makan indomi malem2 Wrong yoo All around the world 'Cause nothing could ever ever replace you Nothing can know you're the number one I can relate to you know you will not find a love that's so true#SEPARATOR#Merry Christmas everyone The Cross before me the world behind me John 14 6 Jesus answered I am the way and the truth and the life No one comes to the Father except through me Welcome 2013 I'll be there for you Family is important I care That you talk to me Thank You Sweat results are more satisfied than the results of other people's sweat Everything we do must have positive and negative effects Soin mistake this year as the experience ditahun dpn Do not be afraid to fail if you want to succeed If it has failed g need tkt fail again Stay thinking way to succeed a Power of God is greater than any Karma is valid boss Satisfied please just regret dtgnya end Jd slow only Live in the world Just for a while so do not waste your life with negative things helping others Who needs that the joy of life there is happy there is hard Cry before someone else crying for us Mengalah does not mean lost W not robo T that can be ordered Better to live poor that is important happy than rich unhappy Wkwkwk P Wolves hunt sheep Blm is of course people who often laugh today will often laugh in there The basis of the success of honesty Although cheap places are important togetherness P Sometimes we ever feel falling Not forever our situation above so g ush show off thank you Do not be afraid to face things that seem frightening 1x make a fatal mistake consequently g sh carmuk thank you g influential Forgive it more fun than revenge is useless Just make yourself cape Forgive not a difficult thing Very Ok without you P can be important lessons from money singers not everything is life with positive Everything is definitely over P Above the sky there is still sky hoam Talk to my hand in Karma it applies Focus on one goal O Ultramilk for today Wkwkwkwk P Same as the globe of the world Definitely spinning slur Who the hell g ever made wrong hha intros Peksi herself just Less Lucky Life Kyk Ice cream Enjoy before liquid X3 Happy Vesak day If feel suffering happy happy wqwqwq means we are still alive in this world G sh alot of proof it alone I want to kill Sality Success requires effort hard unlike magic directly successful hha G this way i Ampir overslept on angkot Hahaha GG Klo you do not ngehormatin me i more can not ngehormatin you jiji hii Do not be afraid to make mistakes Failed the first step towards success Successful g means if g there fail wkwkwk Love in your eyes sitting silent by My side going on holding hand walking through the nights hold me up hold me tight lift me up to touch the sky teaching me to love with heart help me open my mind I can fly I'm proud that I can fly to give the best of Mine till the end of the time believe me i can fly i'm proud that i can fly to give the best of mine the heaven in the sky lgu lama Azzz Japan tsunami 8 9 SR YY Azz BT at home hoam mening play jiji lah Te Man who can only make us rise time Falling down Shock wkwkwk Bljr again XP Mls bljr Wkwk to reset all 2550FD6C O yey kereset wogh wkakwakwa Jd solid kayak tree hard to fall down despite the rain hot wind but can be sweet fruit Cap go meh ujan first clean the way wkwkwk XP GG If the problem is big Small If the problem is small assume no problem If there is no problem do not look for trouble If you get into trouble do not ever run away from problems Just wkwkwk XP All that begins with sense mrh will end with shame According w valentine not Just 1 day doank but every day P Feeling my heart Faithful true friend is lbh brnilai drii s'mua gold in this world XP Open New Life wkwkwk Starting day with smile Emotions High Level grr Cuman need honesty Because of you I'm so far survived Smile even though grief Do not Leave Me Alone True treasure is health not silver gold Lost direction o Only You In My Heart XP Now I know the matter number what the question love is do not have By having something i dont need MUD p Kick Kick it wkwkwk p Nothing Lives without Failure Defeat and Fall River Water Towards the Sea though passing the winding road Stand Upright Do not Look Back Back The Past Is Passing Remember 1 thing Life goes on 0 Trying To be patient Those who can give without remembering and receiving without forgetting will be blessed Smile is a Melody Of Soul Only a stupid fish that can be hooked 2x with the same bait One Day Later Better appreciated than being praised Up To You MUN p Survived by my Destiny little They who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts We are born with two eyes in front of our faces Because we should not always look back but look at it all in front of us look at our future There was number point any More Remove the Burden deepest hoam 1 2 3 p G need people '' Gajelas '' Bad day Baby come together neoege nest bakke nan jul su eobseo baby girl ueo neol wihan i noraereul deureojullae It's night bobo used ah OTW Sukabumi Huh Cape Ccd already driver gebleg BRB eating Aaa there is a dead cat on the highway YY Ngantuk w zz Pegy first The First Time a Say O Wkwkwkwk I Give Anything For U hha You cry I cry You smile I smile Endure to the end Listen to me I 'll stay until whenever Wkwkwkwk Time goes by a lot slower when you miss the one you love P Feel So Good#SEPARATOR#have a motorcycle handlebar rich so GG Fidelis Andryanus Andri Agasi Jonathan JeremiaRoyberco Subastino GoJefry Yan Awww Bryan Andoyo ahh Ateng Awww Bryan Andoyo ahh Ateng Jonathan JeremiaRoyberco Subastino GoJefry Yanapa is v free CHICKEN NUGGET FedryJefry YanRoyberco Subastino GoJonathan JeremiaHadi Purnama best song ever Chris Royberco Subastino GoFedryJonathan Jeremia when Can Y may uga core 0 disappear laugh v life support me handsome nobajak giveaway Please help my friend dong Hpnya lost Sony xperia z1 wearing black bumper and background skin anime Performers in jakarta Please help Klo ktemu context here only pm pc creation from AMD AMD300 users AMD300ID ane feeder bang v dog WKW giveaway Jonathan Jeremia giveaway enough with AMD A8 6600K 8GB RAM 2x4GB 1600 was able to play GTA V view benchmarknya here skipper giveaway why v starting to consider that this physical kyaknya mah v soon r4x are moved redeployed to the car Delvac mx kaka knya fiesta 3 ahhh how beautiful the water pump why Sanyo opponent Cindy Sheren game dev tycoon i'm coming tupac merry christmas happy new year Richard Alison Fedry Lauw Epan Jonathan Jeremiah Hans Purnama Hadi Kurniawan MSIIndonesia NXAGiveaway Year exceptional Thanks for being a part of it fiesta why giveaway wuutttt giveaway for the last year has not been a member AMDRedTeam can follow this back ready in select only 200 people come follow gannn AMDRedTeam Cindy Sheren Jonathan Jeremia Fedry Hadi Purnama Jonathan Jeremia Jefry Yan already ABS broh wih kawasaki ninja machine base pulsar behh actually been so this kind of movie Dora's Jonathan Jeremiah sue kwkw ad Plarm Minolta alolololo giveaway Jonathan Jeremia waduh fate no boyfriend le me GAY D alololololo Cortana bajaks not already exist in windows 9 alolololo giveaway I'm now ranked Experienced in Pid on Raptr giveaway WTF seems Must have this game move to diesel oil hopefully all beings Happy life giveaway Radeon SSD hmm interesting bohh car carry Add my fuel 7DB17F8F iam guy i'm now ranked hardcore in PAYDAY 2 on Raptr I'm now ranked Dedicated in Counter Strike Source on Raptr give away now ranked Dedicated in PAYDAY 2 on Raptr I 'M now ranked Experienced in PAYDAY 2 on Raptr I'm gay v I'm honest I'm not on the same plow si Fei kok Honest loh alololololololo Hans Kurniawan buy vroh hahaha I'm now ranked Dedicated in Watch Dogs on Raptr hmm motor oil on nyaranin HDEO oil use is necessary to prove efficacy of this I'm now ranked Experienced in Counter Strike Source on Raptr laugh Hahaha good job Ahok Royberco Subastino Go Jonathan Jeremia Sandy Sandy Roosevelt Akhoi noh Fedry No community can ask ajarin vroh hahha I'm now ranked Dedicated in Half Life on Raptr FinallyMilihJokowi Salam2Jari ana tamfan v I'm now ranked Experienced in Counter Strike Condition Zero on Raptr wooo this cool I'm now ranked Experienced in Half Life on Raptr I'm now ranked Dedica Ted in Frozen Synapse on Raptr Si A Love si B Si B love si C But si C love si A Hmmm one must have a homo WTF I'm now ranked Experienced in Frozen Synapse on Raptr wooooo while rocking Hans Kurniawan I'm now ranked Experienced in Watch Dogs on Raptr do not have to save for this buy game welcome zhang family life without love like a flowerless garden spertinya I need hdd lbh big again new ratjun ratjun new this new product Hans Kurniawan poisoning audio CD ori this time huaaaa I'm Now ranked Experienced in Battlefield 4 on Raptr dbe cable already bought live mogami cables same jack vermouth beh eating tai this orng I'm now ranked hardcore in Euro Truck Simulator 2 on Raptr wkkw cwe anyway cwe what kind you cwe not what just cwe invented You have died and now there is noise in the speakers Wtf seller first buy new ginian woohh cool vroh what the fuck wkkw I'm now ranked Dedicated in Euro Truck Simulator 2 on Raptr giveaway kwkwkkw giveaway I'm no W relevant Experienced in Euro Truck Simulator 2 on Raptr beh donlod 1 gb v ohh fuck forced to donlod Yeey kebeli also game#SEPARATOR#This FB has gone unhealed open R9 290X much faster than GTX 980 in dx12 can even compete GTX Titan X which cost much more expensive VGA AMD more future proof than nvidia so do not hesitate to wear VGA AMD Rama Sendjaya Luki Wiradinata Fernaldi Willy Lesmana Andy Wijaya Hore I am already elected to be an exclusive member of AMD Red Team Yuk immediately join on Facebook and Twitter AMD Indonesia to be able to offer and other interesting surprises from AMD Steven Ricard Steven Minolta Rama Sendjaya Hore just won a prize from AMD Indonesia Want like me Yuk like AMD fanpages now Also now ranked Dedicated in Heroes of Newerth on Raptr I 'm now ranked Hardcore in Assassin' s Creed IV Black Flag on Raptr I 'm now ranked Experienced in Heroes of Newerth on Raptr I' m now ranked Dedicated in Assassin 's Creed IV Black Flag on Raptr Wew Top 3 Game Console currently Sony Playstation 4 Microsoft Xbox One and Nintendo Wii U have used Processor and Graphics Card Ri AMD how about you Yuk join AMD at AMDTopConsole I'm now ranked Experienced in Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag on Raptr PS4 i think it's better than xbox one Sony Xperia competition Sony Xperia Competition Have you Assassin's Creed III I have entered this week's Sony Xperia competition Have you I have entered the Sony Xperia go Sony Xperia competition Have you I have entered this week's Sony Xperia competition Have you know the schedule TO not Bner it senen TO Bosen Confused what to do Photos of The Sims 3 Finally today finished the exam D Little free than yesterday According to survey w slama 3 Year Toilet dp studio photo wkakaka D Spirit of Confused I do not know what must i do now oo abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Zzz dynamic ip Kok Profile Picture on to r Eset so nothing when w new w plug it again ZzZ SMS From 6283876434498 ma buy first pulse As 50 thousand in number 085219763567 cpat important Wkaka w spelled ma2nya Bosen zzz Jd bolang in seal Wkwk 8 Symmetry Amudo nae mameul moreujyo I can not stop love love Love Apado gyesok banbokhajyo I can not stop love love love I found the way to let you it I can not believe the sigh of you I want you to stay away from my heart 'There are people not clear ngefans Bnget same w zzz W got the alpha cacar Mndarin zzz Smoga ips gmpng Best days again to be free Study hard Super fast mode on 3 more days SPG Go Go Go ZzZ lks ipa lost TT Finally can signal 3g again Power of Friendship laugh ya Know NISN can see in Do not forget love thumb Maen Conver not ngerjain 1 month laugh Good Holiday tgs little kmn sih Bosen w not da tmn ZzZ ZzZ Hd skrng bsa 4x SS gp in shop skrng smpe 60 Bsa craft evilis weapon thanatos set and others Evilis Weapon tha Natos set dropan rare 50 and up if not slah epic black Change job 1 in berme job 2 in silver job 3 w have not seen Mission let dikamiki Haha Etc Create blue status post comment Visit update GC Chaos Pre Event same Arme Skill Tree Finally w can also Gnosis Best Holidays cmn 3 days zzz ready for the future a Counter Strike Online CBT July 15, 2011 OBT July 22, 2011 Ready to download w class 9 what know love know complicated make chat new zzz Elsword go cf gc lonely on what the hell bosen zzz Hmm Zombatar from Plants opponent Zombies Yee laptop and kom w already correct Kom was'a already right file win'a corupt Emank gloomy zzz Ah sial laptop damaged but com flame zzz Finally i have finished the test Tommorow is the last day of the test I Still confuse about it 1 day again 5E Browser is slow to think but game on not lag Weird Wait for exam finished 2 days again Home on facebook w kok error was more strange just facebook sma where yh Weekend pr many bangs repeat 2 Cape Bntar again test and N Aek class does not taste already 1 year in kls 8 Cpt really Hore Knp there is a text call message feature in the profile itself and not bs in pke Weird Boring zzz Watch ovj ah Ah sial wear sick all zzz Fb quiet want to sleep will be what yh not clear Gw Confused want to change what pp What yx Thx who already ngucapin Cape if the comment 1 he w want to holiday again D ot yrmtfmt aaa Help me get exclusive black from Megaxus Referral by click the link below What your favorite character in grandchase w confused want to change the PP what a there Want to nemenin w play audi is not Hot so cora is hard also abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz1234567890 'on the half-holiday TT again change the day of sleep ah ZzZzZ 23 50 is still a seger If you can not do anything do not do anything Hot body w ho wanna be what yah confused this' New open facebook 'Maen GC ayo Hmm sleepy Sleep ah ZzZzZz Bsk must be D bored this Patch GC Ntreev very bad old gc ntreev patchnya old bner Just answered the question from MegaQuiz Maen Facebook while listening to GC songs in Dp Chaser Nice Blog also Just answered the question from MegaQuiz Update GC Ntreev Season 3 DP Chaser Grand Chase Guild Blog Any Bug or Error please PM me Download GC Ntreev has 1 002 967 KB of 1 894 MB 51 Recently Answering questions from MegaQuiz Progress Love Story Hard FM got great Grand Chase from SG Interactive bored also open facebook no friends chat hwa Cry dw online from koei this bad luck my seat was moved no friends chat TT ah i play gc until attendance is already Bosen Nyoba play Resident Evil 4 wear armax in computer ah bosen no friends play online game confused want to write paan ABBAACC dark Anyone want to nemenin me play GC now Yg online bit very 25 but many do not know all hehehe D if AB then B Kalo want to answer please comment here Gw confused would be what if you want to comment suggestions here Anyone know the duty of Civics Minimal how much There are abbreviations DotA Kalo Know please comment here thank you yah all sorry yah so ngerepotin ngucapin still old kok ultahnya D FB very quiet i am confused what to do on facebook ZzZ Receive ampao starting on February 3rd onwards If you want to love ampao today also not what what Thanks D Sorry Well so on ngerepotin ngucapin Bsk who's ronan happy birthday in my opinion but still tetep champion sieghart Yee kom i live from the grave install the sims 3 old banget i confused make inbox new facebook Boring ZzZzZ Finally become Sieghart 2x dapetin kamiki own crystal mati2an until Pot runs Want to download GC but long Finally can Dragon Knight Gw can play Mako After so much time passed Finally open facebook and status updates again What is the number of numbers from 1 100 To avoid full notif because comment status photo album post and others 1 Clear all Comment you 2 Unlike 3 Photos Klo You have tagged tags Klo do not believe just try d I post this New clock segini facebook is deserted ZzZzZ#SEPARATOR#after wait wait weeks and weeks of excessive finally comes out is also a new all still sleepy zzz Indonesia lost penny horeeeee finally let's make-peace zzzzz steady Be Careful Get Free Ninja Saga Emblem Here Try your luck to get the Emblem Fellas sleepy wkwkkwkwk backfire wah this severe guritanya finally my token over 200 grab this please in the adoptee for that request for help in view of my free gift Dedicate why donk in ninja saga Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift let your friends know that you've sent a free gift let your friends know that you've sent a free gift let your friends know that you've sent a free gift let your Friends know t Hat you 've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you' ve sent a free gift 'Ve sent a free gift Let your friends know that you' ve sent a free gift Sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've got a free gift Let your friends know that you've Free gift Let your friends know that you've got a free gift Let your friends know that you've got Let your friends know that you've got a free gift Let your friends know that you've got a free gift Let Your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've got a free gift know that you've sent a free gift url of your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift LARIIIIIIIII SYEREM tuh PHOTOS SO THE MONSTER OFF GALIH Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a Free gift Let your friends know that you've got a free gift Let your friends know that you've got Let your friends know that you've got a free gift Let your friends know That you 've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you' ve sent a free gift Let your friends know that you 've sent a free gift 've sent a free gift hmmmmmmmm passable passable wkwkwkwk steady kwkwkwkwwkwk steady sniper ane oh yeah can you beat it horeeeee so chunin eek ye who hack HELP ME SOME BODY HELP ME pleaseee filial filial please taken grates halal guaranteed 100 dEAR cHILD filial PLEASE HELP NEED HELP Finally Blood is still polllll kwkwkw winning opponent lvl 20 claim free cendol nich cendolnya mas one click this cendol w for for black uy take this hi hi la la laugh laugh great Ha HA HA see my aquarium See my aquarium Super Super kan kalo play pet society see my aquarium yach fab#SEPARATOR#Halo#SEPARATOR#Okay now what is NTR's number report first transparent terminal meme ancient meem kodama naoko's speciality black haired and cold hekel memory this good from new know fendem 2hu men not watch tuhu livebox hiks vigne x gab is the new mai x reo still believe this kosple miko someone Stop me from playing this edges2cat truly the pinnacle of AI cygames is secretly an indian company who is prolly support corrective rape like never forget rip lesbian ayylmao you major it now p now playing north lake parking technologies tm represent in guild war otsu cf loot i missed in Car friend oc from the ancient times the greatest ultimate yuri manga has gone nsfw yakuman irl if this manga was written by het author as well as hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe The writer also write inugami and nekoyama it should be yuri ri right in the other side i'd love to see more men in yuri works fuck this gay earth if this Turns into het and i said too much for a manga that only came out first generation rice xDDDDDDDDDD the real issue was the weeb pape the story just know did you know that this pairing currently controls half of all manga dojin gbf in dynasty scan and the amount is only 1 Now manganya has also graduated definitely my kind of music chap 1 sama 2 lapse 6 months 10 10 lewd bird honk is a brother ayy HOTS days GW this time aw yiss best gaem yagakimi ch 17 life goals what is this yha after few months struggle fate Epnya bagus' just see my fucking god dlc like i'm interested 3 kok cute new conscious barusamiko su it balsamic vinegar hue W where is the friendly people who likes the purest form of love ffa best fashion throwback beautiful wakemeup flac o and fire shoot friend I miss ubuntu And ubunchu onfire days i listen to this everyday if i winning or not but today it's relevant Llest mountain and slay dragons i defend my galaxy from ruthless aliens never forget i can die in peace yea sick 1 year later and i listen to this with my friends it's not safe open the opening striker unit 3 10 10 best tfw not nyimpen source codenya tfw yesterday Can source code from web random shit i wasted my youth clash royale is a gateway to starcraft 2 and clash royale is inspired by warcraft 3 mod so let's go home shall we pure aesthetic you know sometimes you need to give one of your shipgirl a talk that Talk First eSports indonesia what is gituan joining anonemes and making memes Siake cheeki breeki i cried my ability as anime character slackware days#SEPARATOR#XD Leh uga Lol each generated always change Lollll Lollll salute for his intention ngedukung ahok Keliatannya would be a pretty inspiring movie Weight really XD Laser laser it bought in Glodok with the price of Rp 80 thousand and sold again with price Rp 125 thousand What theee news inkompass Wkwkwkw And I never bought this sweet ice tea in monas TT Si pea wkwkwk Believe not yes There is an accident still sempetnya ngajakin selfie This new intelligent ngak kayak opponent one country that's it There are rules not followed direct karna own karma P Leh uga V wwkwkw The mockery It's not the current Yes Yes this is the average media in Indonesia The title of negativity may let fishing viewer Sure do not need to pay So if necessary to use the police services using the police services do not pay at all Come to the police say sir I want to sell our car there is a message via online Use police services Iqbal Thanks goog D Kalo in indonesia tetep not bs ngejar Macet V Netflix pirated Njirrr katro b Anget dahhhh V Busy cyanide V Wew my hand line turns out V Busyet is very fast SULTAN BENERAN V Just relax the origin of the complete mah when it is starting new kind deh nanyain letter of duty Do not know why this webapp goes viral 2016 goal make an app can goes viral Like this 2015bestnine Bener also V wkwkwk Your tiger's mouth beckons look where it used to be Dak Wakakakak D Hopefully no problems fit left XD Once selfie same ade hairsblew christmas christmaseve christmastree christmas noedit nofilter Full moon rare on christmas night Sampe light bleeding result of his photograph moon Pantes was The moon is rich in led lamps glare XD Bantuin like yes friends D Stabilizer champion once V Shied wkwkwkw Wait short tempered not wrong this Wkwkwkw What dream my dog ??smalem arrived told to be santa claus malubanget christmas xmas paud santaclaus dominopizza pizza latepost dominopizza pizza latepost meatzza escaperoom binusalsut Finally, his microcode protection burst also heroes2015 binusal Sut Again awaiting inspiration binusalsut heroes2015 Mantep wkwkwk First day teaching paud not understand what throwback latepost Once a night play to Jakarta latepost noedit martabakboss martabakmanis ovomaltine oreo Videlish latepost noedit starbucks coffee noodles with roasted chicken latepost noedit instafood foodporn noodles kopitiam#SEPARATOR#14th generation 3 110612 we are 9c 3 i dont want to lose you ever thanks for today D someday someone's gonna take your place and i'll forget about you you've changed 9c e hai you're taking my heart can i have Yours too it turns out Julius Frederik likes same Christian Gunawan laugh 19 You told me you'll love me forever how long is forever to you why am i afraid to lose you when you're not even mine what i'd do to have you here heart Not a toy time ck sorry Temen 9c bu win had told me to send the test run 2 in the book of PM Monday in the same collect with the BI penalty Please have a number of other 9c children are told yaa Thankyou soon valentine imissyousodamnmuch go away from my life You are happy chinese new yearr D co cweet iya guys i do not caree '' '' just know me mah up to youu you are funny luu do not let us save the word love to the dearest people mario teguh big girls do not cry Thank you all for 'pati patiently O God must have a beautiful plan Other in the mouth of another in the heart so it's not good There can be miracles when you believe How is this church if this big ujan gede 13 12 10 I want to make you happy because seeing you smiling makes me happy 'Just can Dear sorry Shasha p Just go HAHA Keep smile Just can sayang thanks' When life looks you in the eyes and tells you You can not God is holding your hand telling you You can My inbox is not in reply but inboxan same people can HAHA When you're STRESSED you eat ice cream cake chocolate and sweets Why Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS Lolipop Thanks God for today 4 'Malming with gaby D If I have either wrong on purpose or not I ask maa yaa Dead light A smile is Nice to as it is to receive So start your day witha big smile Sepii e thank you compliments patiently I have mah people are patient in dear God D ngatain ade class but do not feel what you own also rich so same brother Ck class you do not know the beginning of the story so do not be knowledge know if you do not know what does not need to talk want to know the business people want to know the affairs of people if you do not know what does not need to know the affairs of people you just denger from the side of the front I'm really bae but It turns behind the noodle Makasih loh Important so Ngok Demen very already looking for problems Wonder Serah lahh Make a class 9c maap yes if there is a summary of his tears bolong Because the rich father's writing docs not kebaca So afraid wrong Tomorrow I love to know it's what it's writing in In jen from jm 3 to jm stengah 6 gara gara gara same religion paint TIK ya udahlah enough know Said people change when own also Memories will never disappear like dew hidden the sun darkened moon awakened dawn small writing Dig a well before you become thirsty o akirnya task Pkn slese also bosenn di in koko ku indeed best world OO leba why Happiness depends on what can You give it not on what you earn even though my father and my mother leave me but God welcomes me without Jesus we are nothing I believe you are God who never neglects to keep promises Mu promise of them the strongest strongest who will be able to maintain its existence But only those who are capable Adapt to class changes the same again D Weight deh rival Know the most beautiful things in this world sometimes not bs seen in sight or palpable with their touch only bs felt with heart Healthy and happy people are those who face the reality of their lives directly But not Hope it changed directly The danger of small mistakes is that the mistakes are not always small no need to bohongin I also I will not follow you kok Ckck Beautiful memories of the past just to be remembered not to remember remember if not say not delivered If not delivered Then it will not pop Ai any sadist is very bored film Many people will walk in and out of your life But only true friends who leave footsteps in your heart in elephant village D 2 stengah jm just play 2 game 'in trans studio why D on the way to Bandung D bored dead lights I'm a big big thing if you leave me 'delicious cold' 'eat skoteng with my lovely sister 9 bosen hape quiet i naek class 10 big why D receive Love God DD Create a grade 8c Klo already lost yodalah confessed losing the heck of the basketball was lost in not seneng Ga need to play better if rich gtu Create a 7a class Yodalah if if children cls 8c indeed cheat Biarin alone Said better better sportsman out of Pda win cheats Trus knapa still in anger So it is better on ktemu directly continue slesein bae Dr on just kesel continue to write status Ga to Create a grade 7 children the same class 8 What is just rich gtu only ampe noisy Ga Important Small problem in gedein Lagian win also just can sponge cake better lose sportsmanship than win cheats hape deserted#SEPARATOR#So keinget wkwkwk Coding Everytime ngoding dota ngoding dota so plakk Java BufferedImage if only can talk but make class just not better bsa not need to ngoding just want to make normal coordinate jump even coordinate wave mager enter sprites object to main frame wkwkwkwk not yet make collisionnya Because dog kwakakakak BOOM wumbo combo same laughing awkwkwkwk laugh Preparation time udah calculus kmaren learn it until 3 am wkwkwkwk already like training Moga2 on dpet good results laugh though failed but can something new bsa know fellow friends sekobby coding also and hari2 ngoding Together alone I am grateful to know the same class of brothers who have a lot of science together learn new science from there all learn what the meaning of teamwork for the army and willing to admit the mistake of a mistake even though failed but I learned many things miss LS so dregs awkwkwkwk laugh between willing Same t Tawa yearinreview2016 Hafiz Ikhsan Atallah Raditia maybe you are interested in joining wew njirr wkwkwk remaining live line v nice one Just want to give just know who ask ngapus not me proof PM only Adhi Prakoso Nostalgia wkwkwk Ngakak wkwkwkwk Lost but still there year dpn Ewww Adhi Prakoso this loss Money for buy ginian wkwkwk v Adella Ryou Duck v CAS02 alalalala v wkwkwk ComputerScience Adhi Prakoso Lol v Awww nice Ahhh first sai xD daaammnnnn XD this is my rasain just now XD Adella Ryou Rian Ariyanto rolling on the floor laughing XD Rian Ariyanto like you this wkwkwkw Adhi Prakoso must have a new tompel first dhi wkwkwk v Adella Ryou laugh XD tumben jokes funny but there are scenes that are too forced anyway 3 Adella Ryou try this xD Adhi Prakoso v make a hand version of the version is dhi v tomorrow version sai deh wkwkwkw v hope more tidy Adhi Prakoso Spread v Jarang2 is open already lvl 8 course its work ngerusuh at gym plaque person Hahaha xD Klo not gr2 k Oneksi fucking already dpet this without having to evolve T T While hunting pokemon go wkwkwk v Adhi Prakoso ccd shoot you again here v waarrr#SEPARATOR#Reward each day must get the money Reward everyday must get the money OTW to Bangkok Semester 2 solid schedule in at Capek LDK but still exciting Indo 1 4 inter milan Madrid 2 1 munchen munchen to final win penalties meet chelsea Barcelona 2 2 chelsea chelsea Escaped Arsenal 0 0 chelsea My idol Van Persie Merry christmas merry christmas 2011 by lucky please grab it gong xi facai aaaaaa Say something about this Say something about this uluya#SEPARATOR#IG eykln Twitter elisabetthh Hacked Night with the STARS Happy Birthday STRADA just hoping Why so serious laugh How lucky me I have you in my life Sorry The Day Unyuuu SMtown Err test M1 Cerpen No one tells the truth anymore s You look fabulous eon RT on mingkki21 Pic twitter com 1I275Z3d I was just disappointed RT on Ju Juannita 17 August that misses me Sometimes you miss the memories not the person dear 8D always in elsa elisabethh Follow yaaa '' Mention for followback '' Gomawo Japan 3rd Single 'Opera' Limited ver Jacket Yesung via ELFsInJapan Weh Stella Haryadi open facebook Liat message Shock I was reading dear everything oo Please yah your attitude is guarded than later you stamped girl do not know yourself Kasian really only can be a plagiarist o yes no Vitta Seul Felisita Keep your mouth Lu think you who Gatau Self np NN 2NE1 Scream Error kan The good and generous contents i pulse dong poke Vitta Seul Felisita Pray for Aceh Bales tweet he can reply sms I can not dingy holiday where not where holiday month ask for hdiah what iya abiz naek class 3 My New Brother 3 Kpan when latihn lge yes Odilia Nararagil Astikasiwi Regita Aditya Ivana Fitri Amelia Simanjuntak Cicilia Andreani Awani Munthe W spelled cute Asekk wkwkw Mee Lumayan if holiday W can be online ampe 1 hour every day wkwkkwkw Why should he Why try to have to go at 1 o'clock why kgg diliburain just try lazy I must nnt drowsy deh Gila dpet 2 at once cckckckckc Finally can ptong hair bgus also dipendekin D not bad nor report card g nothing empty Very happy finally after so long g pny ade cowo also wqwq want UTS a lot of minjem bku i ILOVE SM SH ride elephant Rest in Peace iya ko Good bye koko must be happy there pgn pb BB alone I love jesus bsa open computer also finally pgen main Ninja saga but not bsa Gong xi fat cai all huuhh ninggalin niee not invited TT yet brangkat niee already fa sbar can anggpaoo bsk can angp Ao moga mogga g dpet the bnyakkkkkk wqwqwqwqwQ Similar but not the same hehehhe today road ma way cousin fun mnurut g lbih twitter frompda facebook DD Stiap bka sms there sms bsk no pr ehhehehe skarang can open facebook and twitter from hp SEbel gara gara gara gara Chatting ma he alone in cieee in g people do not like Ni cough can not be compromised bkin neck g skit TT Finally can upload also Seru was pensi But my face diitemin TT bored holiday cmn at home not road PERHATIAN To passenger psawat Christmas AIR with number 25 12 10 p'jalanan akn taken within 24 hours with jaminn kslamatan 100 from JESUS ??mnuju live dmi and bhagia passengers hrap m'makai belt p'caya fly bbs as soon as possible rkok spite disputes On behalf of my cabin that b'tugascaptain ELISABETH mngucapkn MeRrY X 'MAs GBU the help later g ksih gift blang it to g Gila gara tu security unit dongo g so not bsa mkan in KFc Sial is cute right In the skol just play doank Ga At work Mening at home bsa play computer wqwqwq bat lge ahhh Hiks G want to have pcar 'why hard is it cri boyfriend 4 days ge g bsa free from blajar 1 semester TanPa HumOr HiDUp So SePii TaNpa Love HIDup Jdi hampa And Without people yaNG BaE and lUcu Rich We Live So maKin MEmbosanKan wqwqwq later fit UAS may OL not Yes g like ma him but he likes g not yeah do not gtu DONK Kalo MaeN Secret all over G MALES Tema maaaan ma U again Mnurut you smuaa G tu properties'a like how Answer please Yeee today jln2 asyk woww Tq yes for everyone who already ngucapin met anniversary TQ VERY MUCH#SEPARATOR#Idul Fitri This album was created by PhotoMania facebook sepi bangeet yaa Tomorrow can not see demo ekskul same pensi Download kgk finish downloading plurk i apakabar this laughed earlier on twitter mention i am full laugh Quota modem is gone so slow thinking deh Still online but not Watch naughty kiss too long not on pc Holiday soon pp my time out no longer batre already if again rapot value no one is written wearing a pencil why Alhamdulillah rapot me how neh impatient Thursday Thursday impatient Yeah live 1 day Semangaaat D in Ainooooyy pr banyaaak ish slow to think yee Lo CHANGE BEFORE we FRIENDS OTW otwt lippo holiday 3 days delicious where yah ouch oath online on PC LOLA its not nahan LOLAA Hape was crowded skrng quiet come sleepy 3 Apparently you do not pren same me Lo me end Di The month of May a lot of birthday yah ck Not forgiven yasudahlah Rusuh you Klau already hold hape must forget everything Laughing I do not feel today Monday batre gece really abisnya slow connection thinking invite pin me yah 21CADA81 thank you yeah cana D online bosenn Holiday soon to be out not yet ngerjain PR at all OMG Not bathing XD Kok I'm confused sihh Hoaahhm Behind Alhamdulillah Yeah finally Sbntar again change the phone D Hujann D Hujann D OTW Holiday is boring Waaa was really great aha O Shhaaahhhh pedes really this rujak Want to play your guitar aah that open my FB rese very ckckc Love And Hate Hot weather bangeet sihh Off ahhh Aaaaahhh wear Do not take charge hape sgala Huhhh Aaaaahhh wear not take charge hape sgala Huhhh At want to isqom I can not ikuut 'Can not go to Isqom Gak can to Isqom Again home alone holiday a week in Jakarta bosenn daahh Malming yaa Online ahh Holiday week yeeyy Everything changed Gara Gara LO Regret is coming late Ckck Koq so skarang like this yaa On Changed Because my heart is only to Mu oh sound so bindeng garagara pngn pilek aihhh an hour in the car diesaaaaaaaa trapped maceet parahh beehh maceeet bangeet on toll off ready to go back to Tangerang Belomm Makann Home Alone Gila Hospital from 6 o'clock to new skrng pulangg ck woooooo LOLA rampant my ahhh no No money inspiration buaat make poetry oh utuhaduh uts value there are 3 under the existing KKM who can be invited smsan not hape quiet nihh Loved Tuk Disakiti Elevate others and humble yourself Bosenn vv Yaahh bonus sms nyaa already want to run out parahh That RIGHT wehh Elu is What is NGATUR GUE Hah O prayforjapan good bye card lamaa p welcome new card weh i pngn change this number but what number yaa durable inefficient en irit Yasudahlah Forget it alaah lamalama me more kesel ajee this sm ntu orangg grrggghhh bedeeh was fitting out sports My legs lemes pegel sick bangeet ck GA to the LAU GALAU bismillahirohmanirrohim smoga UTS today can alla Ko 'look facebook d Ihape is ugly even worse yaah ck aduhh tomorrow PKN scare ajee i ck alaah daritadi I am mistyped only pngn wrote stat so wrote on the wall pngn people erased even my stat is deleted ck angry mode on ck dasaar cengeng p Nyesek me woyy O sumfehh I gedek Enek empet bangeet sama kamu O tomorrow 4 replicates of the nature yaah my wall is quiet again dahh ck I do not nyangka 'The more I think about you the more I crazy you O At Jakarta with Grandma 3A exit pengen sleep was sleepy hoaaaahmmm o want to sleep but lazy eye ck already sore nihh' 'Ko' my eyes perihh i still bosan sm my mom 'is just SEBATAS DREAM' you are my last love ngek 'Monday is UTS ajee Blajar blajar blajar tomorrow there are 2 repeat mantaaapp P Jam segini i was sleepy Payaahh sleep aahh Off ahh Modem Ngajak Thousands O Seet from the morning ujan not brenti Dingiinn coyy OTW at Rumah Jakarta Hari senin bring food enn beverages yaa Binguung Hadeeh my fingers pegelain garagara reply sms Hape era First sihh still wear keypad Try my hape samsung not taken azeek my bangeet style Wkwk Notif Sepi Mention was also Sepi huhh The fate of fate ck Gw had sabaar for 3 tauunn 'Modem LEMOT Mnding on dihape ajeelah' Sumpaah I kageeet bangeet Aaaaaaaa there is a cockroach in Alhamdulillah Akhrnya My legs are not Red anymore But I was wrong when I feel this I D I like him may I akuang But is it possible you become mine Kangeen dehh Left parent trujud gaenak also yaah kangeeeeeeenn 3 So MPK Pas body I heat my trends kangeen same old man I am proof fitting parents come my body is not hot anymore 'hmm I must check the blood aduuhh aaahh my body hot Ngakak with Salma Melisa Sasa enn Ami laugh tomorrow replica want blajaar but not concentrate' but turn to hape ajaa behh already can not escape from Hands laughing D My eyes are sore my head is aaaaaaaa aaaaaaaa O kyknya kyknya bntar again pngn Pilek dahh 'Exit Beloom makann Mau off ahh online disturbed garagara lot nyamukk O Akhhh banyaak nyamukk huuuuhh my head puyenngg bangeet hadeeehh' signal 3 gembelelee hohoo nyuri chance let me play hapee wkakak Tomorrow go 'no fun ahh Gajadi go Senen Masuuk dahh hahaa D Akkhh gajadi go Siaaal So what enggk sihh Ribeet bangeet already hhhhh garagara adek ill brangkatnya delayed dahh wheheheh tomorrow will OTW to the village till Tuesdaya hahaa D akhhh Bokap gaadil masaa which made my adek mistake but confiscated even hape me huhhhuuu At home not calm me 'Gaada Hape But still no Laptop hahaa D not smsan but still can Online laugh hadeeh garagara my adek hape me so confiscated bokaap calamity bangeet already i start tomorrow I do not hold hape again deeh not easy untk ngelupain people who saangaat usa dear 'Gantian bisaa times p modem me Ilaang Tumbeen bangeet i have already been literate hours not usually at this hour dahh in 7 1 there is anaak ba Ru again huuhh 'it's time ready to go skolaa world so tentram if ade' have sleep hahahaa p Back to Tangerang ahh in Jakarta instead of jalanjalan malaah dimarahin not clear betaah become in mnding me back to Tangerang '' LOLA akhrny signal modem full hahaa can online Deh D#SEPARATOR#SAMP Alay Bitch Please empet me see the writing ALAY Eyes HEY oy Ayodance This sissy Toys who want to play on the server CS 1 6 w this ip 111 94 86 43 27020 basic this boy for email verification pb aaaa lapeerr that's maybe all I need 2337334A cape also Out street 18 Wos Haulin Mod Bus 18 Wos Haulin Mod This LED computer download pack bus 18 WoS haulin not bener2 already cape deh that boy dibilangin believe very already I got the moves like jagger I can not smile without you that someday it would it me Back to you need char major to top title neat baret complete and complete data2 price below 50k eem WTVM oVo '' et already G a to e net gara2 ill Hadeh pending neh BBM h YG MINTA CHAR AQW W BOCAH laptop screen wear can not flame again TT Najis left 4 dead 2 can not install undeadslayer is the best class D finally internet can also D take a bullet straight through my brain yes i will die for you baby zzzz MY CHAR IN earned the 'Ctrl Alt Del' Badge in this AQW all that Want P Bnya can be 20 000 points in darkness she is all I see I have a bad day 'speed of sound zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz this more steady My char D you lipstick stains on the front lobe of my left side brain I earned the' Level 30 'Badge in AQW Et is still 80k again rising to rank 10 THIS ARE KEREN D damn GM is tomorrow maintenance now also maintenance My Ungodly Reavers Of Nulgath yey doomwood rank 8 D 10 000 again rank 8 rep doomwood alas still 5 rank again My Char yuhuy PB point is perfect D versus NO Mercy is opposite No Mercy lalalalala yey laptop already in service DI hear Jerusalem bells are ringing Roman cavalry choirs are singing be my mirror my sword shield my missionaries in a foreign field steady MAGNUM SNIPER RIFLE god god char this final result v1 tero Nicknya VOC just ngatain w merely direct w tunjukin skill w new cengo he wkakkakaka nice what iya Relaunch Kriss SVR cool is not yes Justin Bieber foolish and stupid off mode on i'd Catch the grenade for iya char god this is my maenin facebook i have aqw again this lag najis JB ugly really ugly just ugly mah mah JB I jump in front of the train for iya sial aqw lag really unlucky PB dc masal buset connect server old Very skill test cf is a long time not play cf no brani play aqw since laptop got a laptop virus can finally also bored no laptop akh laptop wear virus hit again gara main aqw hahahaha norman in ovj excited wakakakakka he ngamuk I got a MISERY cit aso char Geek me TT first I can feel you there yey a week off D download amx x mod from server USA old amat off online off online keep confused i astaga lag gone go go go CS buset cs old very bunch a lot of traps on facebook now just you ngatain w Ccd pas already see original new cengo man rarely perfectaaaaaaaaaaa D she so beautiful kutrima not what it is D man many perfectaaaa D yuhuuu daper class dragonslayer D laptop looking for this problem ye S can be class number in aqw D why g replied yes smsnya today haridinnya rapot shadow nice g iya exciting uy play lost saga left 4 dead 2 hahaahahahahahahaahahahahaha alam'a ngeri kaliiiii cihuy finished download lost saga D we must be patient in all problems Started already it's a tacky movie SM SH MY MAHO MY HOMO yes UTS nice D Girl you amazing yes jum'at and saturday holiday D scared the same god is not the same devil who si it cwo good value UTS good amien steady I do not mind spending everyday begh Repeat religion islam hard f1 car F1 from lego do not dong pliss MAMAM is delicious this song even though time comes and passed until you do not survive do not finish my history open up you're mind and she like me 2337334A shit laptop lag amat I feel sad when your Sad all night long Life is a highway I wanna ride it wew bike racing cost 95 000 000 cuy crazy bike racing cost 95 000 000 cuy pray maghrib hayo do not FB'an keep on hoy hoy hoy you this stop and stare laugh DI Can not smile without you this day is my brother birthday Life is a highway when cwe bacodnya gede wkaakkakaakak lose bacod him until there ngerebut just mention you you're every minutes of my every day lucky beans lucky to be comin 'home again there's Not a thing that i would change install call of duty 4 modern warfare long time very#SEPARATOR#Test on tierisline Learn Forex trading on Check this out friends very useful Great website Today stats One follower No unfollowers via stats 2 followers No unfollowers via in samuelgalla mane foto laugh Today stats One follower No unfollowers via stats One follower No unfollowers via stats One follower No unfollowers via stats One follower One unfollowers via stats One follower No unfollowers via stats One follower No unfollowers via english tgs eko gwrs at Mirandaalissya D Today stats No new followers One unfollower via ada moodboster Iyaa min laugh at tenfouresian Evening X4 Bsk do not forget bw clothes OR yaaaa Retweeted manda in Mirandaalissya in graceegisella yasudah lah lah baikan wkwwwkwkwkkwkwk Today stats One follower No unfollowers via stats One follower No unfollowers via stats One follower No unfollowers via Stats 2 followers No unfollowers and followed 4 peop Le via night sleep we how loren in LorenSetiawan again my weh injuries in anindya maria in princess PA What ges Many who asked your number ges Lol at graceegisella in Princess PA in anindya maria cemplu eh nando hahaha at nando158 Sip already set in graceegisella sip2 set Just sip2 set it ya sama2 nad hahaha at ndynana in graceegisella makasii yaa done nad at ndynana in graceegisella follback yaa gracee thank you done at Umbrella Bond in this graceegisella follow back me donkzzzz Today stats 2 followers No unfollowers via stats No new followers One unfollower via Stats One follower One unfollower and follow one person via the sheet again Today stats No new followers One unfollower via stats No one follow followers One unfollower via stats One follower No unfollers via stats One follower No unfollowers via God Almighty at Godstagram Do not let Peoples Opinions about you bring you down The only opinion On that Truly Matters is God's Retweeted God Almighty in Godstagram Thank God for Another Day Retweeted Sports Quotes on Sports Greats Retweeted God Almighty at Godstagram Give God your worries doubts And frustrations and let Him give you peace and rest Retweeted God Almighty on Godstagram No statements No one follow me 2 One unfollower via stats No new followers 2 unfollowers Via stats No follow followers One unfollower via stats One follower No unfollowers via Dian di Dian98 Merry christmas in clarintaaaa on graceegisella at feliciaongg in josephinecpin XD Retweeted nadharuth ancient in ancient nadha in VirgagaWasser on gerardalintang in anindya maria in daughter what in forny kintiii in soniafrieden in Graceegisella di yosephinatalia di esteraspin christmas D Retweeted fel in FeliciaIvana Merry Christmas geblek di mari Ajes di Dian98 di josephinecpin di graceegisella Retweeted Putri Ayu at Princess PA at anindya maria di gerardalintang at Yosephinatalia at forny kintiii on graceegisella in SoniaFrieden hope you all get the Precious Gift in this Xmas D Retweeted Maria Novirandra AP at anindya maria di gerardalintang at Yosephinatalia in Forny kintiii di graceegisella di SoniaFrieden at Princess PA Merry christmas Hope you'll be the light of others GB Retweeted Lintang Gita di gerardalintang Merry Christmas peace Christ accompanies us at anindya maria in Yosephinatalia at forny kintiii di graceegisella di SoniaFrieden in Princess PA Retweeted Dian on Dian98 PeopleWhoMadeMyYearGood at mariajes in FeliciaIvana in feliciaongg at graceegisella at josephinecpin in clarintaaaa and friends Today stats 2 followers No unfollowers via stats No follower No unfollowers via God Today stats One follower No unfollowers via stats One Follower No unfollowers via claradwiol Ivia at claradwiolivia at graceegisella thank youu Today stats No follow followers One unfollower via stats One follower No unfollowers via how this at Ryan Supriadi Today stats No new followers 2 unfollowers via stats No new followers One unfollower via stats 8 followers No unfollowers and followed 11 people via bos RT on Ryan Supriadi Okay boss RT at graceegisella on Ryan Supriadi follback Today stats 3 followers No unfollowers via samsung you dong fel at feliciaongg iri nice view bngt Today stats 2 followers No unfollowers and followed 2 people via Stats One follower No unfollowers via stats One followers One unfollower and followed one person via God Almighty at Godstagram You are here for Retweeted God Almighty in Godstagram Smile things are working out You may not see it now but just know God is directing you To a much greater happiness Retweeted Love in JournalOfTeens No matter how far apart we are you will always be in my heart Retweeted Damn Its True on damnitstrue One unfollower One unfollower via stats No new followers One unfollower and followed one Person via Love in JournalOfTeens Don t chase people Daily stats 3 followers No unfollowers via Dailyteenwords on dailyteenwords Its hard to pretend you love someone when You do not But its harder to pretend you do not love someone when you really do Retweeted Love in JournalOfTeens Sometimes smiling is just easier than explaining why you're sad xD RT in feliciaongg Ih celem kak RT in graceegisella wkwkwk my story ngebelain him This p RT in feliciaongg Yeah do not upset sister Retweeted Katarina Caetleen in etinn at graceegisella my story ngebelain she is p RT in feliciaongg Yeah do not Angry brothers serem ih laugh RT in graceegisella ok wkwkwk wah do not be so wkwkwk wah not so dong emotional p RT in feliciaongg Iya dong definitely p you also diem2 just yes iye katro RT in graceegisella diem2 just diem2 yes yes p did not have medsoc That people laugh RT in feliciaongg It could be pRT in graceegisella do understand fel laugh RT in feliciaongg G do understand fel laugh RT in feliciaongg Gapapa pRT in graceegisella what a laugh RT in feliciaongg Ehem RT in graceegisella I think it is ditakdirka what laugh RT in feliciaongg Ehem RT in Graceegisella i think it is destined to directly p it is destined to seca
#SEPARATOR#Carlleon XuLevel rises to the level of Struggle The fighting ants rise again The mix will attach the rock properties to your equipment and improve the quality Strengthening will increase your attack power and resistance level higher the fighting power the stronger the likelihood of winning greater in the struggle Carlleon XuLevel rises up in the Power Anth Struggle Fighting up again Strengthening will increase your attack power and endurance higher level of fighting power increasingly strong likelihood of winning bigger in struggle Carlleon XuLevel rises up in Empire Ants fighting power up again Carlleon XuLevel rises up in Empire Ants fighting power rises again Strengthens will increase attack power and Your resilience is higher the fighting power the stronger the likelihood of winning the greater in the struggle Carlleon XuLevel rises up in the Empire Ants fighting power up again Carrying a reward every day must earn his money Carlleon Xu Heni Puspita Sari 212
#SEPARATOR#Hallohallo D 'Love is an easy thing to love somebody love you somebody love you' someone there Sometimes when I love 'I'm okay 'I want you to look at me in the eyes hug me tight and dear' I know you're not 'yeyeyeyeyeyye I hope so Fallforyou I need you so Iloveyousomuch I love him I love him Sleep good night someone There 12 20 'in 4 4 2 4 6 you are there bsok birthday yes haha' 54 '' '' Keep your proud e25 and 1 I do not why All apologize inner birth yes All sorry for all my mistakes yaa good willful Or unintentional Just woke up Cave you feel normal ajaa deh Confident you killing me slowly Gua kill also you lama2 Sumpah yes yes you know kga hell me it kesel banget sma you knapa try you are still there in my house where you are in belai merely sma My mama just die you are there Wtf ups my bales messages bus A time Need more time Forget and forgive his mistakes to you GALAU Gara Gara gara Anda Then I Uring2an tweetFAKTANYA I'm singgle now hehehe for what we persiapin the future if we have to forget the present good morning just woke up It's not different school paaling just smsan Aaja something special So I say a little prayer and hope my dream will take me there where the skies are blue to see you once again my love oversees from coast to coast to find the place i love the most where the fields are green to see you Once again my love ehh if kga know jngan ngatain dog dong bitch I'm warning you once you're grown up you can not come back Peter Pan I Love You 3 Words 2 People 1 Commitment To be without you is like facebook without friends Myspace without bands youtube without music google with number results sodamntrue Many questions yes i Follow iya in laila 26 if you want to follback mention it where are you and I'm so sorry i can not sleep i can not dream tonight So wha T should I do not want to be a part of history I want to be a part of his story Ngeselin iya I can be better I hope so 01122010 Just5wordsforyou'ILYSM 'Pisces want their dreams to come true and their fantasy to become Reality Xstrology Just stay on where ninggalinnya not say2 again Everyone with you is a sweetest one Wish I luck for my exams Will you remember me the way I remember you Can not smile without you Mau sms But afraid to bother e Gak tired what les merely Someone who understands me Someone who understain me Sorry sorry I'm sorry Forget it if it runs away so I just wanna be with you till the end of time Love is old love is new love is YOU Sometimes smsan sma He likes to disconnect I am still discussing this issue he has moved to another problem my headache Girls need LOVE boys Trying to forget my past time and trying to remember my life right now I love the way you called my name Its hard to look for so Meone who has the magic to make you fall in love viatumblr His life has changed Stay away from his Wealth but his Words Do not judge a woman from her Beauty but her Personality Learn from your Past live your present and prepare for your future Life is like a taxi The meter just keeps a ticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still Hearing the words I love you is a great reassurance to a girl That she is beautiful When a girl says she's sad but she is not crying it means she's crying in her heart My plan is to forgive and forget Love is just a word for it's proven to you You need LOVE girls You make your own life Make It shine Do not let people change your life Be your self Try it time it can happen again I want to redeem all my mistakes Love is not about them Patience reveals deception In any well thought out plan ihatequotes Life Drawing without an eraser DamnltsTrue Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find I'm going to make it Proud I'm never gonna be good enough for you I can not stand another fight And nothing's alright Life is like making a cake if when it's so cake it's not good we have to repeat it from the beginning Eh eh sorry just want to remember do not forget nnton ccc love Cenat cenut iya If we stop trying that means we are better than a coward number on bepe20 God shivering kya kya not strong live again God cold bnget I just wanna be with you And you've got a smile that could light up this whole town I haven 'T seen it in a while since she brought you down I'm the one who understands youBeen here so you can see me I will fly to your heart Yes the smsnya not in reply Out See oranag cried was Cold really cute pengen Nice yes nice sister Ngakak congregation with rika bena and dinda Nothing special Me lowbat Jibril Jibril Just In time Bummer Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over me do not make me change my Mind I do not want to miss a single things you do tonight I can not give you everything what you want Can you tell me how I can make a change Firework I'm sorry I can not be perfect We can not be back Down What do you think about me Down to earth I am not waiting for a long time to live in a house oath is not good TT Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh he sorry I am not waiting for a price I am not waiting for a price But I am waiting the one who things I am his princess Happy new year friends Dont forget to love yourself Dream is a desire in the heart to reach it but if there is no spirit of consistency and effort the dream will not be Become what the dream will just be a fantasy Not any more Not feelings yes That I talk that you Ihh you nyebelin Huh annoying Your smile beautiful like a rainbow Ktanya saucy again but unfortunately he rarely see because cwenya school in Lampung kasian I mah dengernya nyesek Terrific Om I just broke it now has a new boyfriend again high school boy again dizzy my mah arrogant you Gmn news he is so skrang Cave forgot because Kpan yes Honestly i have a taugk kta2 it's surprise please comment So what is my guy cma just ask me kok I'm sorry Offline friends of friends Bye The first lesson and the first day is Math fufufu Face this mid with smiling ok Bsok want mid ayo smangat Laila ok And also have to bgus yes its value I'm sorry friend friend Start hri senin this smpe hri jum'at i not bka facebook First because the mid want to focus on learning God Kpan hell nyampenya nygenya mna jammed again Oh my body pegel pegel kayak crush all You're my guardian angel Basic PR Th the most annoying time 10 number there is his son abc di until e if diitung2 still more than 50 da 50 how I want ngerjain liatnya already puyeng So what Minta at hajar times iya tu people I'm yours He's yours My love and friendship story You Will be the prince and I will be the princess DeMi Lovat0 3 seLena 3 Defeat is not the end of everything but defeat is the beginning of success Victory and success are delayed Mama pick her very old sihhh uhhh this pegel nungguinnya Friendship and love is the shortest way from heart to Heart Follow your dream Fuck the bastard Yogun pda kmana this is rmah msa people quiet here basic What's wrong in my brain Please follow my twitter in laila 26 I'm offline Yes mercy event on isvil lma bnget hell boring this Come on where are you Now friends friend I'm missing you friends Wish you all the best friends Sometimes you make me cry
#SEPARATOR#For ayodance player there is mautukeran not the same id q lvl 17 lho hy all can not wait for tomorrow because I play audition ok I am very same fans of him I am salute bngt same mu only me again kesel why you mu klh opponent barca final enough teklak 2 0 Ok I also like the laguna title lets make love ok I also like the laguna title lets make love yahoooo ahhh i am just playing but already lvl 10 iya is okay although i do not like ye iyalah i ain audit pretty its its cool arigato oh my shame Cool this cool is already free uu Click here to play Pet Society why always alway cause because never never test is waiting 18june D kimchi Ye pet sos ku lvl 8 kimchi wdh my pet society destroyed What material Mls nich all next week gempor every ari Bljr 4 jm I love 4 ever There is no online Ne facebook orng gntng hihi Duh pengen tdr capek abs main audit sama geta Anybody play audition Dh ampe jumat Aduh malas nich bntr more test competency test HY All
#SEPARATOR#BzzZzzZzzZ Mi xiibi C halvin Quieres un xiibi visita zzz zzz zzz cheat learm jutsu cepet 1 open CE 2 buy jutsu 3 tick enable speedhack 4 speedhack it is up to you NB do not go out academy later repeat good luck OOOMGG these friends friends are visiing my profile o Alam Uciha 1136 views Aciell Sullivan Portnoy 983 views Akmal Ghafari 542 views Adira Kotek 300 views See who views your profile at friends are visiing my profile o A Hun Coolz 1136 views Achmad Satria Nugraha 983 views Adam To Mooshimasu 542 views Afra Bilqist Hendrawan 300 views See Who views your profile in the morning has been to the doctor What You Think Bosen thank's friends q thank's all GARUDA in my chest GARUDA my pride i'm sure today must be overcome laos 0 3 indonesia SENIN Repeat Upload Cellular 3 15112010 3 one day againt good morning everything is good morning Friends two days againt add pin my bb 22BB3560 four days againt five days again five days again five days again Who you think zzzzz sleepy want to bobo first achhhh mmo ccd that play farmville add neighbors i donkkkk teacher BL flood wkwkwkwkwk dear number to cheat what you think Gemscool Point Blank 'Kriss SV' 'By ApHiN elephant skinny wkwkwkw MatI LamPU What do you think task B indo in kumpulinnya when what you think wkwkwkwkwwkwkwkwkwk ccd wkwkwkwkwwk justin lip jontor turns its age 51 years wkwkwkwkwwkwkwkw very old andy ccd who want by 1 MT same i njink Z 1 2d god god PB e017 eo17 sahur sahur
#SEPARATOR#Well Wow b Hmm Hmm Thank you my friends for saying happy birthday to me Otw to tanggeng cianjur We are sorry to be born And inner friend if w there is wrong And if the words of deeds w that offend met Idul Fitri lgh his Maen DotA lost only already Praying Friday Anyone knows the link bwt minecraft no one knows the link bwt donwload minecraft not Lass Striker Sol Badguy Wish me luck for final examination game Minecraft w in apus ma abang w LS in nine store can no longer Shit 'NP Avenged sevenfold Blinded in chain while reading The lyrics of his hard song NP Avenged sevenfold seize the day in bogor Finally BBM on hp at the service Arsenal opponents stoke city in britannia stadium global tv Smoga bsk can play GC amin O Good arsenal 2 good arsenal 2 R van persie liverpool 1 goal backnya arsenal Go arsenal Eminem Anybody know the right black bwt ereder not Bruno mars Char pb w to hack the diamond again fucking it hacker Pr ktk w lost gloomy 'in c Iater in tegal Hard lass drawing Waiting Let 4th job Gr2 play dota this throat so sick Hypnosis TT Why w so colds yes Why the former paint ball is still There yes Add pin w yes 32267655 now playing west life miss you Why should there be pr There pr is not yes Finally my lass so job 1 and elesis would be job 2 yeah Yeah persib win opponent persija 1 0 Yes mu lost opponent liverpool alhamdulillah Finally elesis w so spearman job 1 Otw to subang with my friend Well internet cafes close Yes later again elesis want job 1 Oh yeah Why do I become addicted to play GC yes Whereas first most lazy play GC Azzz Nastarnya good Stomach pain Good bye all see you next time Astagfirullah children today do not say sin sin Maen internet cafes no money watching nothing exciting naek spedah do not know What are you playing football again sick sleep can not sleep Bosen do not know what to do Finally after months of spirits washing watu also even though finally pungung w sak It TT Sickness now playing koes plus Kenyang Good bye surabaya hello jakarta D Mu lost this lousy Mu opponent blackburn rover Dead lights Tired road road mlulu Gk kerasa was a Friday jum'at Tar went to school in BNS Holiday exhausting Good morning all D Kepengen Play ball in soko adventure blitar play arum jeram Mantab now play in my brain miss you Now Picked it up free but do not know want to apain at sidoarjo go surabaya mancab why new visualista clothes are lost in wiz TT well tomorrow repeat yah there New tasks want to relax keingetan no pr Well Minecraft its gg can be in kom w TT May tomorrow is better than today amin why this could happen to me puyeng PR b indo blom in the same work TT Gk this exciting no exciting status Good job Indonesia I like your style Why mulesnya pas malem2 update status They Say I'm a Monkey goodbye all time for sleeping david silva is playing the ball hit the glass running running lost saga asik Once there are people pursued by police pursued chase so kayak artist strange today tumben again exist wkwkwk ball bekel in kick nani got glass in pursuit strange dog today tumben not boring wkwkwk gokil2lan together Kent Demas Kynan produces PP that make me laugh wkwkwk D Early morning Gymnastics Do not get stoned Diem Make bored Sick wkwkw kasian yes mentor2 who participate in his voice wit wkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk Vs Liverpool Azzz TT Gk play lost saga 3 days deh at bogor Sleepy annyeong halo Cold Pilek Eui Huam Sleepy Lan LS comeback dying head sorry yeah dra so do not play together if people have a good headache what is it Hiks' Bsk what is the lesson Bku List of lessons w w ith know how to know w why 8 2 bsk wear what clothes All apologize ane ye if ane got one Minal aidin wal faidzin please m Aaf was born and inner Okay TT Well the grim reaper was out TT Geje 'It's nice what ya complain Want to listen to the song but gg there hp boringnya my life TT Ngantuk eui Ngehias tired class also TT Teehee can be quite money 3 rebu cman working nyetrika Why yesterday night now night ujan TT have eaten rice eggs eh Forcibly participate in a contest to eat rice Tumpeng deh TT Kepengen play internet cats Kentnya kent funny want me pinch but nti in claw Hehe Hr this day plng tired abang w TT ngelag again is not magic not magic but to be tu Lan ngelag TT really sick at slander TT Time to sleeping good bye Bt eui Yg want to paint a new number w this 085697257203 that gg want to paint gg need protest Wow it must be orng ngebajak facebook me again Narnia in my house earlier in school naek skateboard even jatoh Continue to swollen hold table at kya tasya k it w really hurts TT it's time to play home from playing foot futsal w directly ill TT finally replication is finished also smoga result Nice amin RS Sari Asih aqw i'm coming kepengen bk facebook in kom TT Which snowflake do you still need ouch lonely this is no way road TT plow facebook kiki ah hahah vika pirate FB kiki laugh vika TT hair should be 3cm ck time to go sleep bye Tomorrow from batam to singapur From jakarta to Batam to i do not know time to go offline bye all why a lot of online night iya time to go online again time to go offline bye time to go online oops dizzy cocks ck delicious what are iya lucky Pr b indo w deh finished fiuh kwokwok sed h wh t O o prt tt hard tT and w i'am tired mms kiki in 'tt ch m sh s seker me wh t ever What ev r yes god hopefully my neck is not gatel amin bem Sister and B ring bs in rm w lonely yes internet dead pulse want to run out tv less exclaimed cape deh finally get back to play facebook what ever sad really almost just ipa remed huf What happened to my internet yes there is a play www canaan web id Justin Bieber somebody to love Justin Bieber favor Ite girl Simple Plan welcome to my life Sean Kingston Beautiful girl N'sync it's goona be me nice what is ya OowH YeaH at coment ma JB just be proud
#SEPARATOR#I love novia forever I think I want to do something deh same as someone who lives in bsd hehehehehehehe Mice cartoon Morning Balloteli can also be angry Xaxaxaxa Follow twitter me why her name in Junga sm do not forget also promote also why my birthday today Abis learn watch one stop football mind refresh deh My Dog photo album Do not believe with bad news but believe with your imagine and future Rain is so good to eat what is why the futsal Cdi peknya ask for mercy l 000 EEEEE I 0 0 EI 0 0 EEEEE I 0 0 EI 000 EEEEE bacod you junga dizzy I am this month many reps same pr from watch you wrote that kind of on my wall watch your basic ampass at home sweet home is busy fights again this is gonna want ngepain yes Dead rising 2 Titanic commercial Titanic commercial Test Serem why I just realized why I hijacked Same sodara me Ahhhh Mobile Uploads Woi Do not call that name again My piano My first guitar baby dog ??Mobile Uploads BIG Bottle jun94 p3c1nt4 w4n1t4 CeLaLu WTH M Obile Uploads The formulation of this proclamation text formation ball that most have no money basically Indonesia should menag anything that happened this strange picture my video HUT RI why the 66 hopefully more advanced and glorious Merdeka Merdeka Merdeka This morning not enk bngt time was going to play WII just 15mnt just sebel tekken 6 it's all finish help me please oh this day tired really abiz from ITC Mangga Dua capeeeek help me today unfortunately 1 internet slow thinking 2 update PB about two and a half hours 3 no one ngechat me if there is not answered Add pin bb 309FPA73 follow why in the monster house Si sister nyimpen cici photo was not deleted again in the newly purchased BB may be missed so deh Wkwlwlwk my dog ??again stunned munkin again mikirin cewenya biasa still do not have boyfriend hehehehe hehehehe finally cs life or die can Wild ones woy the 7th grade I just remember if tomorrow PE bring steel gantii eh please tell the other yes for those who do not know ehm kevin Congratulations to take a new life with inka likes deh jailin bad junga friends
#SEPARATOR#No what is important to the event successful Well hopefully the funds can reach the target Nice day hehehe
#SEPARATOR#Yoi Be yourself do not be somebody else to try get someine you want Thankyou all who already say 'Happy B'day' Sorry yah g bs blsin all kbykan D Thanyou who already ucapin Happy B'day all to me Sorry g bs blsin all Byk tentangny D When I See You Smile J Kaos Ball on 150rb net Info add pin 231788e0 Comment Dianter in Gading Serpong Again gather together And exclamation exclamation Sleep Do not be afraid of mistakes Kebikjasanaan usually born from mistakes why Like If You Agree why Go The Miami HEAT Bwt who already ucapin Happy B'day Mkasih why D sry g bs reply all Kbykan D New Facebook On Blackberry why Gadeliv xe G on Lagone on facebook twitter facebook bbm slow thinking g already Some Like You Adele Udh long g bka facebook Wkwk xP Never Mind P Best Day Ever Ada Alay no deliv Gw homoin suck 3 Jesus my Lord magic DO ngguin M update I Just Call To Say I You singg TT Pusing Pegel bdan me Wrong in this Indonesia Naek busway digrepe Naek train stolen Naek angkot in Rape Walking was crashed Xenia Even Ngesot just still kicked security unit Silent cape Just The Way You Are zzz Rain when g not tpat Gw bgung pda say God ngsih trials emngnya God ngsih trials yak a Need Chat Because I'm proud of my 1 Friend Jesus I click LIKE Bntr again go to school Just The Way You Are 'Jesus Inside o Winning Without D' Big Three why '' oo o0o U o0o Have You See Any Forum For Every Member Required Viewing Forum Every OnLine No Pain No Unified Game We are steadfast Divorced We Fall Ohh baby all i want for christmas is you All I Want For Christmas Lyrics CUPAU and D Backstreet Boy I 'll Never Break Your Heart GALAU why Say Yes to say Yes to GOD Gbu All Happy New Year 2012 Goodbye 2011 Which is full of hope and welcome 2012 hopeful Get Ready Set Go Run Ntr mlm in SMS 5000 fireworks glide why Just Be Yourself A Your father gado2 why B kq know A Psen 1 why go to home janga N pedes B Gubrak D Misery Maroon 5 N Alliance at Travian Speed ??x3 BIKE xx LIKE IF YOU LOVE JESUS ??'I LOVE JESUS ??kpla chamakh bcoor Wkwk When life is hard thank God when it makes you grow When it seems to be the number way find God for He knows the way Dear God I wanna take a minute not to ask for anything from you But just to say thank you for all I have Sleeping Merry Christmas All D Life is about trusting your feelings taking chances losing finding happiness learning from the past and realizing People change GOD always has something for you a key a light for every shadow a relief for every sorrow a plan for every tomorrow Wtv Wtv Fast replies make me feel like you want to talk to me but slow replies make me think you 'Re talking to someone better My problem is that I can not stay mad I always end up forgiving people even if they do not deserve it Hey you yeah you The one reading this status Wanna know somethin You're beautiful Do not ever Give up That awkward Moment when you fail at being mad at someone because they make you laugh YugiOH Capsul Monster why The number one rule of love you can never be just friends with someone who you reply in love with Arsenal 0 1 Man City Apian DI Do not Mind Standing Every day I'm not asking for someone to listen to me. I just need someone to listen Someone who cares Is that really too much to ask Sleeping Take me to ur heart Take me to ur soul sing Test 3 Easy Come Easy Go 3 Miss you Jgnlh mlihat ke msa lalumu g whatever it is Krna it just msa ago Now we are now Jdi seelh msa dpn Jgn slalu brgntung with msa lalumu Annoying I'm Sad Take Me To Ur Heart Sing No one is too young for love because love Does not come from your mind who knows the age number Can Hardly Believe Those random moods when you just want to kill everyone for the number reason Although you are the aggrieved party he always managed to make you feel guilty for having Men I'm just afraid to Getting hurt for the same reason Twitter Sleep Not yet D Hey soul sister Glee cast Hey Soul Sister Glee Version I love my number one rule of love You can never be just friends with someone that you reply in love with It's amazing how one day someone walks into your life and you cant remember how you ever lived without them What's on your mind Damn My Heart Has Been Destroyed By You Whenever that certain person Gets online your heart beats faster UGD Unit Galau Emergency We Never Be Same Do not tell me you scare No Me Later I'm not a perfect Wish Person I make a lot of mistakes but still I Love those people who stay with me after knowing how I really am jgnlha you brubah Dlam m d honey i understand Ran yeay lmpu'a flame yeay lmpu'a nylh dead lights Trying to forget someone you love 'M Flying Without Wings West Life Talk Last Do More Smua g already I lkuin Trnyta just wi dn mmbuang wktu I e G IPS Hrus maximize Chayooo Smngt Y IPS must maximize bljr'a why Chayooo IPS Mandarin in process DD So Difficult Hala this Sea Games Rese already b Oh No Bsk UAS IPS and Mandarin Ahhh Bsk Ul IPS If I can I will do anything for you Amazingzangzong Week UAS mlai bsk Miss You Were Here Shock s What's the matter Do not tell me you scare D Ila Ila Ila D Gk Ad Signal Without You There's Number Me 'Without You There's Number Me JGN NEVER FORGET THE ORGANY WHO DO NOT MAU GMT Byk Pr e G
#SEPARATOR#what the fuck v laughing teamwork v laugh laugh sad v laughing true lolol face'm struck Wkakakakkaka laugh Michael Setiawan Dharma Tunggal Agus Aditya Pramana Andhika Prawira true Michael Setiawan Dharma Tunggal Uaaaa cool Michael Setiawan LOL Dharma Tunggal Dharma Tunggal could not sister LOL jerk park ji sung Serem ci xx we wish you happy merry christmas we wish you happy merry christmas and happy new year D azzzz aaaaa tomorrow take rapottt my value ancurr no yaa TT Creepers green things with four legs They will stalk you and follow you and sneak up on you making numbers sound Then when in range they start to hiss like a bomb and then boom They blow up hacked I unyuuuh 3 woooo xabi alonso was 30 years today O o ahh ZZZZZZZ these days so many problems TT crepeer oh man wkakakakka new friends ZzZzZzZzZzZZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZz hope not There is another aftershocks amin quake again ccd wow wow conflict more and more O o D LOL richardo sister O o l6'2 3 36 barcelona losing wkwkwkw wew playing tekken 6 tomorrow pedaling bike to renon why i just want to be a good person but there is just me who say i am a bad guy 'makasi all that ucapin selamat waisak Money is not everthing but Money Everthing is nothing i dont have anything to share p hooooaaaaaaaammmmmm Day Nyepi many online hope hope next year the internet dimatiin D wkaakkkakakaak Day Nyepi many online FB you closed aaaaaaa counter stike long download times its grrrrr 9 hours modemnya slow to think again and A uber twitter can not i open cuy I don 'T have time for you talk to the hand wew my bb is slow thinking and wiw q is slow to think and oh my cold TT you breath alone hard TT bli bayblade aquila bli bayblade aquila my friend there is this cool link useful in open yes i will not Syesel bukany this link its fitting wew on w2w lan all losers remain the loser and jfjeddfujerndfjsaugjhqlwqkgjdskgjgfolqloed mcv and ndkhgolwqoituykm dsjhgflkuj cc you now me so well ouch boringgggg oiiiiii follow twiter q donk in dicky ankaasa later I foolback certainly D WTF wiw mm in a forgotten on the way being on the way to school D hope is not true that i bolckir amin TT boring time 'please follow my twiter dicky ankaasa I want to fly D But I can not fly 'Abcdefghijklmnopqrstuwvxyz What's on your mind what's on your mind what's on your mind at changi airport why Ngurah rai airport why njudfjhdsldfrtuwqklwbfnwlfjiriswqndsq Wkdxejenwjkwjcbf wahhh I gilaaaaaaa TT 2 days again I can not Wait go to malaysia singapore dancing time to sleep characteristic of deprisi sad person always nagis tampa because you do not do activity and other characteristic character same as me who lost 2char in xian seremmm bali ujan esssss may be you go but iget house also may You may go but the house iget may also be okay you go but iget home also home jak khe pilipin can not win khe come bantaii I fili seremmm bali ujan esssss' xian can not be opened asyuuuuuuu dog why else are you hunt asuuuuu gtu mu ok fineeeeee all if i am wrong please forgive me miss you all all if i have a pda you guys are now outing D to ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke ke To go to ke ke ke D aa Haa Haa HAA HaA Haa Haa HAA to go to to ke ke ke ke ke ke ke D aa Haa Haa HAA HAA Haa Haa Haa allo all I have a new ym there yoo dickyangkasadi Rocketmail com fuck you bitc add my pin 232F7A5B unnecessary yes take it name ORTU god help me for this test its a game you now if win or lose you do not get anything so do not talk much ahhhhh senin repeat general eeq I love mira no man is immortal will also be old and die so do not be attached to worldly yeee oiiiiiiiiiiii no links cool chick cute jit mu wihhh P 3 Hadoh Ga know what to write any status hahha a Sob sob bones cracked sob sob YYYY sob sob cacaddd disability Aq hate someone Let your friends know that You've sent a free gift aa dahh start schoolhhh T T go spain hore win BRASILLLLL wkwkwkwkwk hahahahahh heh
#SEPARATOR#Why is not it true?
#SEPARATOR#Bangkok bkk siamoceanworld latepost Thx all D Thx All Hehehe D Yakkk Ride Class v Ad maw FUTSAL Sorry errors TECHNICAL Aaa My national trousers oversize wkkwkwkwkwkwkwk AHH My pants my national greatness Taek Lah great Near my rmah there are people playing mercun Surprised to keep lama2 jantungan neh Wkakakakaka Thx Yes All kwkwkwkwkwkw D Thx yes All hehehe DL Son who has graduated junior high school bsok come skull iya Bosannyaa Tah Mw NgapaeN BAD MOOD Lonely at internet cafe Wah Tk sbr menggu hri bsk o Trobsn physics Cpd Dead lmpu Cpd Cpek sX Pgi already mti lamp Krng ajar tu Pln Time To Sleep Mmm Mw coment what is it Mmm Plg from trobosan cpk x Skt prut again Wew mlai bsk already trobosan Cpd ZzzZZz Nokkkkkkkkkk Great earthquake Hri yG MmbsNkan Bsann tah want to be what WeQ bsk daH skulL Malez go to school Bored zzz Go Home Yeah Padang i'm coming Lalalalalala Ea Oh yeah Uah KynG TV broadcast it's really sholat all Bored already know what to do Pgi mmbsnkn Bsk mW nGap N yA Kok gK aD yG O Dark LTT banGeT aWannyA Bored Ntah want nGapaEn Bored Hoamm Ea Bntr again liburrr XD I have just adopted a puppy MypUppY is so cute Mw nGp N yA In Hum Bosann Huh Males kaLi hR nE mSk sKulL Bsnnn Weq Bsan kle on skull Doh Malez bsk to skull Tired of Cpek neH Ap again ps upcra MeRdeKa ZzzZzzZ Ea Hri is very menyngkan Hoamm Hoammm AntuQ tdR dL aH ZzzZzZz BORING BORING BORING Hoamm Tumben hri is not dead lights Hoamm Msi bsn Wkwkwk Dohh Bsan neh Hoamm SmoGa hri Ne gA maTi LamPu I LiKe's ToDay NeeD CommenT Adohh Prh neh Ms as soon as possible seTeBaL tu skull not at ly let it klo holiday it enkkk Adohh Prh neh Ms as soon as possible seTeBaL tu skull not in liburkan yes Klo holiday it enkkk Waa Bozan really hri this s s s s s
#SEPARATOR#We are planning a decisive god needs a miracle if it is a miracle there is effort2 just so nga menyerah nga may principal na accept the bitter fact that nga easy already berkali2 in feel tetep just nga can be used there is a brubah from smalam or prasaan wa only but wa also The stupid TT I'm nga as bad as kaatan na kan D but enth is ta where but where love still be in prjuangkan not enough brani to do it slagi there he is zzz Nightmare Do this ampe trjdi '' people in the middle of the fuss x 'o '3 indeed ssh prtmanan skrng zz you make me so restless whahahah 3 2 1 Buuuaaarrrr My Head has been exploud history win head already fired up fireworks on at I want the world see you be with me Disappointed heartbroken feel lost all the feeling in the jumble TT Ndeh Mw where is this face again 9000 laptop Zzzz MY virus hit MAHO
#SEPARATOR#I'm playing Valkyrie Crusade Let's go on an adventure in this world together Valkyrie Crusade Subdued the current archwitch ORIHIME Valkyrie Crusade Come and join us The Journey celebration march24 1stanniversary GBIJ2 1pm Agustina Kris Evening sky forfun cool view instalike instagram instamood instaphoto instacollage Raindrop forfun rain Water car phone instal instagram instagram instagram instagram instagram instamood instacollage instaphoto Birthday Rizky Suram p LOL XD At pv 17 8 2011 XD Change teeth wkakaka Rizky pregnant wkakaka grade 9 schedule SMPK Almasih snen bio religion mate native ingg slasa physics ingg tik penjas pkn rabu indo eko kimia ingg Christmas history geo mulok plkj mate jumat indo mandarin arts culture mate mulok ket services Following LYTOGAME Smart Quiz Following LYTOGAME Smart Quiz Following LYTOGAME Smart Quiz Jay chou wkawkwka on the plow estella Add this pin 2293005F she is friendly Mobile Uploads in the unlucky xory why Tha if you mrh p Ujan gde really si ckckck malingggg Gg no concentrations bljr 'Narziz on pv xD Narziz on pv xD part 2 deh want ujan D raining anh bbm i bsa lost myself ckckkc boring lma amd sie wktu walking bz biz watch prince 0f persian Kren biz watch prince 0f percian Kren hjan ge D finally Tgaz selese also audid ilank xwt 'sllu cleansing come blakangan D bxk deh mid trakhir hrx xmangad ioo hjan sun draz gledeg ckckck in sentul city Bsennya cpenya les complaining Photo taken in Pet Society there asep tbel nga jlz yeah smbuh gla hbz mta mrh Argh Mg2 cpd smbh dhe mta my mrah xial Untung cmn 1 Knp shi bsg no holiday just bear banget byar rbu just msknya argh on the way is on the road 2 skid tired house lper 'tired this bsk is school ge bt pngen jln2 even in srh berklah On the way is on the road 2 my grandma and grandpa house D slam game online at home no bs hbz plg lngsung online wkwkwk complaining tired on the way being on the street 2 museum zoology D knyang shyok Well bsg already School again mlz bte rain agk rda pretty lha than on that tired xngad hufht Hbs from ondangan tired abz hpmh go to school dated how many shi there say dated 5 and 6 so confused o 0 Comment plis Happy New Year all mg2 years in mnjd lbh baek Again GBU D mari dnd in jakarta D Hufft Finally got to bandung i'm coming pmy our god has been born in our heart so we must thank him with love merry christmas GBU D slamat hri mom Love you mom D Kren nyam nyam enq mlz Want bljr bt this zzz how i ikt shooting my bguz gq in plh yeah should be how this is so candidate chairman OSIS Mg2 gq in plh dhe net at home not bs TT lm really sampz zzz plng from ret2 dhe thank you bu sleepy bt bt sleepy really Yesh bsk retreat eat friend lmpu Knapa must mti lamp Dah bsk and deer repeat many more huh Bt Die lights again Cpe dhe gq bs online dhe must from hp TT tkr if there Cp dhe restaurant friends light so pnz dhe TT Plg school also object Object which exists Tuker why Plissssssssss existing tuker yes aduhh again this pain huhuhuhuhu T T make new facebook niehhhh for who know add yaaaa thank you
#SEPARATOR#keep a smile on your face 
#SEPARATOR#Bad day Am I happy Or what All will be beautiful in time Ayoayo GallerySport Shop Selling A wide range of Sport shoes and also Jersey Basket Info and Order 0878 9322 6668 Pin 27ECA1EC Second place Well I'm ready Hey this is not a game God please show me the way With us bsa More SPIRIT '' 'Martin TOLOL GalauLoka oi this status cmn we ber 3 who can read Venyany Listya Setyawan Davin BecKs Anukula Atmaja Abhipraya Wijaya want to make Shift galauloka has twitt never waiting satisfied with what own work hide talking to the moon badmood apabolebuat illnyee pucaaat soi the first and the last stupid x you tin nyesek
#SEPARATOR#My FB who Hendro Ndod Hendro Cau is not using ge now move to FB this Iseng course StickMannya good at basketball too
#SEPARATOR#Getmimo Complexity 94 neng dating trtunda 34 years old Davin BecKs What does 'Always' means Luke Lee I wuv you 3 Jorge Sunderland Justin Vato Patricia Hardjono Jeniefer Muliadi Carin Winarta Jodie Main guess who am i woof woof Kevin is starting to learn a language on italki Explain this to me Shane Hanson Cai Si Peng Fino Fetrian Lim Davin BecKs Tin Triyono Nico Wilson Marco Yani Wesly Putra I feel so nervous and shy whenever i see him 3 Back to Facebook IF YOU WILL LOVE 3D version EVEN MORE We are well known Geography Quiz MORE is well known for its top 3D versions of EVE MORE We are well known Geography Quiz game that has achieved great success and reached the top of the iTunes app charts all over the world is available now in 3D Try it out Kevin Khuang is using mig33 for Facebook Indonesia's internet connection can destroy a Relationship Emang flu season nose Eex Learning Hm no deh Sleep alone Kurnia Meiga PATEN why lose again lose again Taik Gigi ku crack Lbih important exercise dripada blajar for repetition bsok Ckckc Restore my wallet If you want to take his money take is his wallet TT I WILL NOT LOST Finishing cam cirik Gak believe high school already bsa nge dunk ckckck I bald bald Want ptong rmbut model what iya There are suggestions Olang This is Madness Leonidas Madness Thiis is SPARTAAAN Thanks all for His speech Hahah D Kalo every day practice like gne a month must mantapp feel him I'm sure this will bear fruit Success Loss was late ekskul Uda satisfied tdur noon D Some who want to play basketball later The body has emergency Need a rest that ckup My face was merely Bntar again so itam This There are numbers perfect Fathers but a Father will always love why his cure sufferers should not eat nie ins Tan wearing high heels eating chicken races and eggs chicken Kmarin 40x This day must be 50x I want to excel 'TOMORE BOARD I'm 3L Weak Limp Lost louder I play more cruel haehh Bio no Essay no As long as still breathing must have a chance 2 Knpa Iah every ready skipping my thighs slalu hurts Kevin whispering yugi yug yug bother hendra yok Yugi bother what Kevin biasaaa push n n D Yugi sep sepu me from left imitation from right Sip Kevin okay Sep Wkwk teettott Hendra ueh Imitation yug yes geseg yugi Nyesal i'm born In this family Trio 2nd bastard Mobile Uploads Do you know why i do not let you go Still not enough More practice and practice D who adha joined HSK have to take certificate na msing Pengen join Club My ankle eyes '72 kg D Add my pin 24B78ECB Tq no effort at all' Getting started Exercise with ballast Bruce Lee Liat this nothing gonna changed my Love for you hey i r eu epy today Ag Ooess Ciapigra D i just want you to love 'sorry' and promise me that you will not do that thing again 'aLways Lavd euu Quiet Lah our friend is just not bruntung betuL right D Did you know that i am waiting you trained for under ring And Lbh Lhh high kmu xma sx tdak respect me when i open facebook i just see ur profiLe if there are not anything new about eu i wiLL cLose the facebook soon noon i am teringad snyum mu maLam i am so my face is always remember It's your self wahai my lover haii agan all my profiLe facebook com 4Guz L0perZz udha not in pke lge this profiL my new thanks
#SEPARATOR#Hmmmm I'm just an ordinary folk do not equate me with you Wew '' Create I'm from a small thrift taught to give to others click help me help me help me help me please help me pliss Pain my feet o O PRance versus SPain BB missing pass D DaG DiG DuG D Person Idiot invite 2960880c
#SEPARATOR#"""Hey guys, I don’t normally post stuff but this is pretty important. Last year my cousin got really sick. She then suffered a stroke which resulted in her being paralysed on her left side. This has obviously been really tough on the family so my sister and I have set this up to try and raise money and gain some support for Jess.
Please help out if you can! Any donation will make such a difference and is really appreciated! ??"" Reposting this because heading to Iceland after submitting our last assessments in London and driving around on the opposite side of the road to find this place, get completely drenched walking behind the waterfall, then climb the mountain next to it (and fall in mud) for the most incredible view of a country I never thought I'd get to see is something I'm so lucky to have done this year. Also there's a travel photo comp at uni but that's purely coincidental... #uonglobaltraveller Can't wait to see what Croatia has in store! The Arc de Triomphe with this perfect group of people ???? I love these girls ?? It was over a year ago that I left for Kingston University of London and from the numerous people I met to the many places I visited it will remain to be one of the best years of my life. Being back now only makes me miss it more but for all those that journeyed with me thanks for the memories and making that year abroad the best it could be. I can't wait to see where this year will take me and I only hope to meet back up with everyone mentioned and the numerous others one day in the future. Thanks for the life changing experiences and look forward to whatever travels and adventures are in store for the future. The Unsung project is about sharing the story of an inspiring person in YOUR local community. So here's a terrific story for ABC Open about what the community is able to do when inspired by an individual like Christine Everingham from Sandhills community garden. Great work from The University of Newcastle, Australia students David Kent, Madeline Riley, Alex Smith and Nic Roberts. Congrats to teaching staff Kristi Street and Cathie Payne. ""Hey!
If you get a chance please head over to ABC Open and watch the short film I directed! Great job to the rest of the crew"" Coming Up.. "
#SEPARATOR#"Everyone has an addiction, and mine happens to be you' ""Best healer Hellscream EU 
Kappa"" ""woof, I guess"" Hair is done Baldmongold I'm a keyboard warrior! Every day, all about 2 month WHEN PEOPLE TALK SHIT ABOUT ME I SAY THIS Love is so short, forgetting is so long"
#SEPARATOR#"Secondary school history class in a nutshell with a twist of humor, minus the boring and blabbering part. ""You're cute.
Every now and then.
But there are also time when you're beautiful.
From time to time
I can't stop thinking about you as if spell being cast on me
I'm too shy to tag you out so I'll just drop a link to your profile so everyone can witness my confession to you"" A masterpiece from Wintergatan Brilliant optical illusion photography by Amol Jadhav to promote pet adoption I can't even catch up this 4 yo pedaling speed...sitting down facing wall realizing I can only play twinkle twinkle little star Testing… Attention all Facebook user, Brad Pitt is not dead... This message is a malicious hoax aimed at stealing personal information from Facebook profiles and install rogueware/malware/ransomware in your system. Please do not click on any similar post like this. Worst of all, those who shared on FB probably got infected, change your fb login security is adviced. Dear CM Lim Guan Eng, we should have piano publicly available at Georgetown like Komtar, Gurney, timesquare or even airport and jetty! For better tourism*cough* ofcourse Haha The National Security Council act, 2015 December 3th... well played pm You have 2.6 billions from donation, imagine such amount of money is deposited in your bank. Calculate how long would you take to withdraw from ATM When you stuck in a traffic and the kick is coming Damn...who cut the onions while I try to sleep? ""As the sun sets, the lights fade
As the legend dies, legacy remains
You built the country through your sweat and tears
Holding everyone together in all odds and fears
Relentless was your zeal , endless was your appeal
Grim were the scenes, ardent were the pleas
But some things thankfully were not meant to be
Rip Mr Lee Kuan Yew"" Something inspiring This talented painter was able to capture a woman’s life from one stage to the other. Watch as the artist starts with a simple blank canvas and transforms this female from a baby, to a teenager, an adult, an older woman, and onto the next generation. This magnificent and breathtaking time-lapse speed painting makes us ponder how quickly time flies. What special moments can we treasure and hold onto as we all age? ? ""Happy Valentines days to all facebooker, lovers, and singles ;)
Sketchbook pro + pilxr effect"" When two of your favorite song mashup become one Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. Who needs to buy stove when u can have this instead? Good morning Georgetown Counting stars ""Creativity knows no limit. 
When textbook get into the wrong hands. Or is it?"" This looks good Almost brick my phone...phew...all my assets inside >< First time try coloring on artflow ^^ Im getting old...haha"
#SEPARATOR#"6 years ""You can't have all you want, but you can give all you've got.
Speech Day 2015"" ""[escaping from revision]
If you're reading this, even if we barely talk, comment with a memory you have of us. After you're done, post this on your wall. You'd be surprised what people remember about you!"" Troll to the max Time to quit U Your cheer is our fuel; your applause is our weapon!! Please come and support the CUHK Men's Tennis Team tomorrow!! WE NEED YOU!! Let's go ""International Love #hehe
#MyTarget"" 14 Days Left #MidTermFighter"
#SEPARATOR#OK, Well this is profound. After 20 years in the movie busines I've realized that what we do mostly - is sell Fear. And, create Fear. Especially by the use of violence against women. Every show it seems some lady is getting beaten, abducted, puched in the head, shot or any number of other bad things, Fear sells, and violence against women seems to be the sure buck for gutless producers who lack imagination and any other reputable way to make money. Bye, the way, if we are creating fear - who do we really work for? But , yes, the money's good. Just finished some prep work on the upcoming "Planet of the Apes" going to Honolulu to rest for a coupe weeks before starting "Before I Fall". Oh, this is on the prep-set of Planet of the Apes, Just horsing around. Coos Bay Oregon coastal sea-lion reserve. Sunset at Coos  Anyone recognize these two?
#SEPARATOR#"""Birthday celebrations begin! Pancakes, lovely beach day, burgers, and movie. Thanks, Tyeesha Fleming =)
The countdown is on: 6 more days until I say goodbye to my 20's, and hello to being 30. I think I'm feeling a bit nervous"" Today's harvest: lavender flowers and 1 strawberry! =) The view to and from the grocery store. I could get used to this In California for 2 weeks! SoCal friends, come by and visit me in Redondo beach  Chelsea market place & 14th street subway art ""Nature photo challenge: day 6 of 7
My challenge is to post one nature photo per day for 7 days, as requested by Em Buys . Each day, to also nominate someone to take up the challenge.
I nominate Mon Chin for this Nature Photo Challenge today!
Today's photo is: nature along an old railroad track (again - except this time it's 30 degrees out!)"" ""Nature photo challenge: day 5 of 7
My challenge is to post one nature photo per day for 7 days, as requested by Em Buys. Each day, to also nominate someone to take up the challenge.
I nominate Francis Garrucho for this Nature Photo Challenge today!
Today's photo is: biking, beach, and mindfulness"" After - class snack ""Nature photo challenge: day 4 of 7
My challenge is to post one nature photo per day for 7 days, as requested by Em Buys. Each day, to also nominate someone to take up the challenge.
I nominate Stacey Pangestu for this Nature Photo Challenge today!
Today's photo is: 9-foot tall grass beside the cute little boardwalk"" So peaceful. And a bit chilly out Settling in to my home for the next 6 days. So excited to start the 5 day workshop with Vivienne Mackinder tomorrow!! Round 2! It happened to be where my pick up location was for the Hamptons Jitney bus. Cellist playing, sunset on one side, moon rising on the other side Bought some Smoked Gouda, ham, a baguette, and a couple of figs! Heading to the high line for some scenic lunching Shake Shackkk The last photo took my breath away. Read the description first! It started drizzling earlier so I bought a touristy hat from a sidewalk stand. Now it's sunny so hat = good! Selfie time! Hahaha So much sugar!! Coming back Saturday morning to pick up my preordered Cronuts  Coconut ash & banana dark chocolate bar!! Didn't know they had their own store. Apparently it's been here for 12 years! ""Chocolate walnut brioche! Yummm.
This tiny tiny bakery in an office building has some of the best baked goods I have ever had. In my top 5- in the world.. so far"" Where can I buy burlap sacks in Vancouver? Around the size of a rice bag, preferably larger ""I have never been a """"morning person"""". I wish waking up early was easy and enjoyable for me - the same way I wish I was inclined to like running or reading or olives or cold weather.
Getting out of bed remains one of my biggest struggles, and this past week I got into a cycle of going to bed around 4 or 5 am and getting out of bed around 2 pm. I needed to adjust my sleeping schedule so I didn't go to bed the previous night and went through yesterday in a bit of a daze. In a cafe that afternoon I sat down to a warm croissant and Earl Grey tea and spent about an hour watching random Ted talks on my phone and came across """" how waking up at 4:30 a.m. every day can change your life"""". The speaker was nervous and I found it difficult to sit through but I knew I wanted to hear his story. I concluded that I wasn't going to set lofty goals of waking up at 430 am, but I thought it would be really nice to wake up half an hour before the sunrise each morning so I can watch it and start my day that way. I checked the sunrise time in my weather app - 544 am - so I thought, """"get up at 515 am which means going to bed around 9 pm to have enough sleep .. hmm that won't work, but I'll still aim for a reasonably early time to get up.""""
Woke up at 6:40 am today =)"" I grew up in Vancouver, lived here my entire life - almost 30 years. Never quite settled in though, always dreamt of something more, and travelled as much as I could to find my place in the world and to feel like I belong. But it's time for me to be happy where I am and with who I am. For the first time, I'm going to try and make Vancouver my home  I miss your dog!! (and you too, of course) Passed my exam!! Photos/video to come Free men's haircut this Thursday at 1 pm downtown! I'm looking for a hair model for a barbering class. Msg me if interested =) I'm doing free haircuts for men and women over the next few weeks/months! Message me for an appointment Hello, New York‘s East Village! Dear weather, why are you so rainy"
#SEPARATOR#"mantap (y) ...... kpn ya ada di Jkt ? lol finally the truth is spoken. The Imitation Game (y) Nice so funny seeing them feeling awkward Happy New Year!!! 2015 will be better!!! ""CONGRATULATIONS 
tell me if it really stays at the top of your newsfeed for days. Lol"" Take care all my friends living in the Bay Area. Tough days ahead. Gbu. Thank you so much to the Zhao Family for being such a wonderful host during my stay in SF! wish u all the Best! Gbu. Let's hope Southampton wins EPL instead of the usuals The chicken is pretty good. Not Surprising at all... I'd be surprise if their marriage could last more than 1 year. Lol Why isnt {Uruguay vs Germany} given to Paul to be predicted? Are the germans scared it may choose the wrong side? LOL Lebron has decided. Its Miami!! Its the Germans' fault for not feeding the octopus well enough, they are cursed. LOL Believe on the Octopus or not? its a difficult time. wkwkwk.... Once Again... It's All European Final !!! Good Morning everyone...May ur day be filled with laughter and joy. God save the Queen but not the 3 Lions. Lol Knight & Day...... very good game ; the 2 Koreas should just unite as 1 and win The World Cup. Lol really surprised and impressed by the NK's performance in 1st half ; Dunga made a bad decision by not bringing Ronaldinho in his squad. ^_^ Its time for the North koreans to proove that they are better than their southern 'brothers'. ""Just curious. why do so many ppl say that God create a perfect world if there are so 
many natural disasters? We can blame ourselves for causing all the wars and conflicts and global warming bla bla bla...but what about the Natural Disasters?"" just another unexpected AI winner. Both I-man 2 premieres today. Iron Man & Ip Man. There should be a "" Iron man vs Ip Man"" movie like Alien vs predator. Hehehe Yez Itz Fry-day. Have a nice day No more English Teams Left in Champions League. LOL Happy Easter Day !! ^_^ I personally think that Clash of the Titans kinda sucks. Lucky its only 90 mins. Percy's better. Hehehe the Gunners fighting against the Champ tonite. May they have their revenge like Bayern. Lol"
#SEPARATOR#"Queens of the east.. lost in the ambience of nature… scoring all the way.. ""the day i spoilt an awsme pizza with a topping of soy sauce...:\...!#@
p.s-dont even try it man..@#$"" ""early in the morning...
just waking up after a stoned up nite..
sitting on the bike and still dreaming...
and this is wat Aditya Barbora captures…"" roamin like a tourist in ur own city feels wiered.... somebody get that arch down plese...hahaha GANGSTERS IN TOWN...._/\_ for alll the women out therr....>:o ""my eyes r are witnessin the largest smoch fest i hav seen in ages...
fortunatly times hav changed in da past 15 yrs...
nly bird were seen makin out in those days...:P.."" ""sunny day...
sum new editing shit...
cool combo...(y)
**ignore my stripped boxers though…"" ""explorin homtown after looonng time...
awsme memories n flashbaks"" ""Ajit Nag u bettr let me knw whethr the BIKE thing is true or not.....
im gonna bust ur ass for this man....>:("" ""jus 20 hrs ago was havin mess food...n neva imagined of havin kebabs in mumbai....all credits to DMK....
may peace reside soon...V"" ""One day...n that day not far from today...these buggers will kiss their success with pride....n giv a bumboo to all haters....
the finger is pointed to all the critics of MECHATRONICS-C out there....
a huge ****u to all…"" finally i can try 3D maths..... even they propose!!!..wtf yess..chicken days r over… ""epic gayle storm....
he knws when to tear the opponent down…"" ""finally found her...
the one who breaks neither heart nor my head...:P
valentines day wid my guitar…"" ""dammnn 14 feb...
couples enjy ur day...<3
singles enjy ur freedom n bettr luck next time...B|
lastly,, for the persistent folks...deres alwys the quicke session...3:)..>:o"" ""our teachers have misunderstood personality development subject as math ...and makin us lern sum shit....wtf..
**kindly use enki pinki ponki method…"" ""messing around the beach all the time....
^%#$@...wtf is btwn me and the sea…"" ""birthdayyyyy...finallly
started of wid a death by chocolate cake at nite....
then the part which everyone enjys, but i hate..brdy bashin by Somak Banerjee n Edwin George ....bast#$%@..
Ayush Arora and his special bashing inventions....i wont describe it though....>:(
next morn the epic trip to Mahabalipuram beach....hectic but finally got to it...
enjyd like hellll.....drank sea water after lonnng timee n loads of sand fight....:v...B|
and the highlight of the day.....Somak Banerjee loosing his specs in the sea....8)....hahah..brought him back blind....>:O
finally sneaked in two Bacardi in the room.....and ended the nite on a higher note....
a big CHEEEEERRRRSSS to all the guys who made a sick thursday a special one......thnk u all guys..."""
#SEPARATOR#"I asked the same thing slay queens when no one is looking ?? 1..2 testing Hatters will say it's a lie. Samy will be having a good year this year """"""So the Samsung Galaxy S8 is out...""""
Shut up and take my money!!!??"" Bros b4 . ...u know Differences between men and women 7 !!Maybe we aren't so alone afterall When hard work pays off. Congrats Sydy mas vegas appreciates. So it was What's up with people and the  i still laugh at this Sure time flies its been 6 years already vamwe vakaiziva last month One year older today thank you Lord? Robots to work for us very soon. Hopefully this will come to Africa too?? The end of human labour has begun. Still applies Such are my dreams. Full of passion. So i bought 12 flowers. 11 real and 1 fake. I told a girl , ""I will love you until the last flower dies,"" and then i woke up?? So who really is the Christmas man Santa or Christ because it reads Christ - Mas but this western influence got my head spinning. Should oil moguls be in politics"
#SEPARATOR#"""I got it wrong, so I have to use this profile picture for the day. But here is the game:
Lets see if you're as smart as I am or not. 
Remember you have to answer in a private message. If you guess right I'll put your name in the comments.
But, if you lose you have to put the picture profile I will send you for a day!
""""It's 7 in the morning you're sleeping, and suddenly you hear the bell, your parents are coming to have breakfast with you. You have: bread, honey, jam, juice. What do you open first ? """"
Don't forget to respond in a private message."" R.I.P My hair. 2002-2016 Forgot to shave that day… What about Leap of Faith?"
#SEPARATOR#"""Happy Mother's Day and Happy Birthday Mama...
I'd trade off my life just to spend it with you. I die inside every single second of every day. My love goes beyond these words. See you very soon. I miss you so much, Mum! "" ""WALKING AWAY from PAIN-full situations...may most often be the BEST thing you do for yourself.
Know your WORTH.
Someday...somewhere...SOMEONE...will appreciate what you do...and it will be just beautiful!
Happy Mid-week guys!"" ""The BIGGEST ROOM in the world is...the ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT.
Don't. Stop. Learning."" FRIDAY is TRAFFIC!!!! Thanks to Mr. Uber driver the AC is cool enough, I don't mind sitting this one out. #PassengerDay #CodingToday #SummerHeat My Baby's pamper day! Travel soon… One of the greatest lessons I learned in LIFE is...IT IS HEALTHY & ESSENTIAL to REMOVE TOXIC people in your life. Specially those people who drag YOU DOWN! ""MOST of the TIME...you SOLVE a PROBLEM...by NOT PARTICIPATING in it.
FOCUS on the SOLUTION...NOT the PROBLEM.
HAPPY TUESDAY Y'ALL!"" ""Golden Nugget:
WE are remembered NOT by our ACHIEVEMENTS but how we MADE AN IMPACT & TOUCHED people's LIVES.
HAPPY FRIDAY FOLKS!"" The struggle is real...when you need to go to the loo and you're in your romper! HAHA ???????? So let me take a selfie in this beautiful room. ?? #TheCaveatOfLife Torch it the right way...c/o @deevital18 My Family is crazy...a different kind of crazy! ""You want to show me you love me?
...buy me a book."" Monday feels...Meetings...Conference Calls...Project Launch. I can do this! Missing you... ?????? Welcome to Adulthood my dearest Max! You are a special lady...don't let anyone tell you otherwise! Happy 18th Birthday! ""How to start a """"work from home"""" job?
Thoughts please."" Where it all started… This girl loves you DEEPLY...because for her, there is no other way to love someone. PLEASE STOP REMINDING ME OF HOW YOU MADE LIFE DIFFICULT FOR ME AND HER. Manage your EXPECTATIONS...to protect your EMOTIONS. ""When you TAKE THINGS for GRANTED...the things you are GRANTED GETS TAKEN.
Value what you have now and nurture it."" LIFE is so much better with you. Don't go broke...trying to look RICH! There is no MAN, who is perfect. So yeah, find the right amount of annoyance you can deal with...then marry HIM. 2016 was an awesome year...I believe 2017 will be so much better!!! I am so ready for you!!! Let's go!!! ""To LOVE the SAME person...is a DECISION YOU MAKE EVERY SINGLE DAY.
...because FEELINGS...are INCONSISTENT...your CHOICE ISN'T."""
#SEPARATOR#"Our commitment to truth must outweigh the need for self-delusions. You cannot hope to light candles against terror--when its goal is to blow the eternal flames of civilization into ashes. Tyranny often comes, not in the form of guns or oppression by the swords, but it is the policing of language under the guise of ""political correctness"" or ""blasphemy"" to suppress thought crimes. A profound irony of man who's born into submission from birth and never knew what it is like to be free. He denounces his slave-ship to his fellow man, to become an abject slave to God. And he denies that man-made God the tool of his master, and himself, an obedient slave subservient under those in power. Freedom is not always liberating for those who revere the chains of their masters. No hatred is so deeply rooted as the ones bound by religious dogma. The feminist movement has turned into a misandry. I am an egalitarian. The social justice movement has turned into a victim-hood for self-entitlement. I am a human rights advocate. It makes me cringe how people who have traveled more talk down to those who have traveled little or not at all. They talk more like tourists than they are travelers. Let me remind you, that you are only as capable as a sponge whose limited to the absorbent capacity of your brain to the surrounding stimuli. Let that soak into your head for a moment, and have a little perspective in humility. Reading expands your mind. Traveling unriddles the written secrets on the pages, and unearths the stones beneath your feet on unfamiliar grounds. Surely, you can travel farther with your mind than you ever could with your feet--but, it will not be your journey. You can travel the whole world without developing a sense of self, lost in the false notion of multiculturalism--and you have accomplished nothing. But the beauty of traveling, I find, is that it forces me to trust strangers and to lose sight of all the familiar comfort of home, family and friends. The world becomes a playground, and change of places impart new vigor to the mind. A pen is mightier than the sword--words as wits and blunts. It is a weapon as it is a shield for protection. So, choose your words carefully, use it with austerity. Unfortunately, we live in an age of bullets, missiles, and bombs; but in the end, the pen must prevail. people should say ""thank you"" and be more thankful more often--to give thanks is a gesture of politeness, an obliged reciprocity indebted with gratitude in a simple act of human solidarity… there no cure for love, that love itself cannot cure; it is an antidote to hatred which poisons the living soul...mOOd: our morality comes from our innate human solidarity… love is a spell without potion, and hatred is a poison of many concoctions...mOOd: corny… in search of that other half to make me whole--that other particulate matter born from stardusts, bonded by covalent characters...mOOd: focus, no more hocus pocus… i wonder if the dead still dreams; the fallen, forever in voiceless sleeps, and all through the perpetual nights--they wandered away, far from home, in shape of angel wings, rising from dust…mOOd: the heart of conviction must know sacrifice… ""the heart is made weak by time and fate, but strong in will to strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield...mOOd: there are things in life worth fighting for, and there are things not worth fighting over...
this song gives me the nostalgic feeling of a book, """"The Little Prince""""..."""
#SEPARATOR#"""i've watched a million times and every time it's fun to watch it.
"" Perfect people don't drink, don't fight, don't lie, don't make mistakes and they don't exist… In the era we live, Truth is either told by the liars or the ones with mean means. #sk The Etiquettes...! The drama and the world's best actors...! I'm straightforward, Honest and a bit of sarcastic sometimes. Yeah that's me.Deal with it. ? This dude is just LOVE... <3 Masha' ALLAH I wish there was a Dislike and a Punch Button on Facebook as well . So I would send punches to some people and then dislike their comments on some Facebook Statuses  Don't ya all wanna do this? >:( ""Ego is more destructive than any weapon
As weapon kills you completely
but ego kil...ls your relationship while you are still alive."""
#SEPARATOR#"Re share  ""Weapon on my hip love to ride wit it , stack the like im bout to die wittth it
"" Until death See you at the crossroads Always with sum Hot Cheetos lol , just found this picture  rest in peace Angel keep hold in it down for us Bad day but at least I have my lovebug my side . that's Allllllllllllll I need <3 Love being with my family "
#SEPARATOR#Got to catch up with this legend today! That's me on the left, with the glasses. Classic Mum and Dad! <3 Hey I use these! Maybe not any more.... One of my favourite philosophy/theology authors. E-books on special for super cheap! This is what I'm working on at uni at the moment. A really cool food waste pilot campaign with new recipes that encourage everyone to cook and enjoy foods that are most commonly wasted. We start Monday! Has anyone got a second-hand iPhone they could sell to me? I think this photo holds a small piece of the honest, vibrant life these two share with us. You guys are awesome. Miss you both, lots of love! Dunc got married! <3 <3 Exploring on holidays with Dad last year. Shoutout to my friend Beau. One of the best housemates I've ever had, and always happy for me to point my cameras at him. Got some more 35mm film developed this week. Stoked with some of it, like this banga from the uni bike path, a scene I've been cycling through for the last three years! My mate from Uni made this great short radio documentary about online piracy. It's directed brilliantly and has some great perspectives from smart people! A good mate of mine with super rad project here in Newcastle. If you've got a spare yard space, or want to hang out with people and grow food, get involved! :)) So good to be back working with these guys again! What a ripper location for yesterday's video shoot too! Keep your eyes peeled for fresh Pasha Bulka tunes.
#SEPARATOR#its snowing! :-D facepalm. LAN PARTY ALERT!!! in a few weeks. details shortly! stay tuned :-D awesome time hanging with Matt from Iron and clay! this is what the Myer building used to look like! it was actually 2 buildings. hahaha:-D went to the lake Canobolas this morning. it was more freezing than in that wind machine i went in at the antartic reasearch centre i went in when i was in New Zealand! Turning up the music real loud to Michael W. Smith's Angnus Dei and just giving it all to God! :-) Awesomeness! :-) AWESOME!!!!! I want one! These people are building a full scale Millennium Falcon! :-) Got a Samsung Galaxy S4 today.....just did a graphics benchmark on it and it outperforms my old computer which had a 6 core cpu and crazy graphics card! Wow a mobile device out performing a power hungry computer! I never saw that coming! :-/ I am so disappointed with facebook right now. I saw a comment someone made on an extremely graphic video. I reported it to facebook and the outcome...."sorry we can't delete it because it's not too graphic" Just how graphic is people's heads getting chopped off!!!!!!??? I am sorry but that makes me both offended and seriously makes me want to close and delete my facebook profile because I don't support a site that supports graphic acts of violence like that. Look how young we all look!
#SEPARATOR#"""Some lovely people bought me a gift from Scotland, which I love and also makes me appreciate being an Aussie (or at least not Scottish). Lol
I'm not subdued enough ??"" ""The Bunnies was robbed 
How hard can it be to teach a video referee (who doesn't have to make a split second decision) the rules to the game?"" Master Ken - sometimes you make my day ?? ""Aaaahhh the serenity 
A solid walk to the top but well worth the effort. The boys made it look easy Glenn and Teresa.
Really enjoyed the variety of plants and bark today - so much variety in creation ?
The boys even cleaned out the fridge when we got home "" ""We visited a coffee shop this morning and after rattling off a few flavour options, she places my order for a flourless orange & almond cake  and I get a white chocolate and raspberry muffin 
When I go to say something, Sonya tells me she changed my order as I did say I'd have a 'muffin' as opposed to a 'cake' 
I guess we have a few more years of work ahead of us 
Love ya honey ?"" Monday kept being good to me - let's do this again ?? If you have to do Monday, this is a good way to do it ?? A lively bunch of rollers ready to rumble at 28Hundred ???? Best darn coffee I've had in months  Ok I'll do it this one time ..... mainly because I like the idea of us challenging each other to do something different, outside our normal routine or experience. Live life ;-) ""The next phase begins ....
Go get em baby girl ?"" I love youse all !! Australia Day = Warnerfest  You should always have a reward for getting back on a bike ?? A beautifully fun, refreshing movie! Empty beach and awesome views - Priceless ""So the GPS says we couldn't get to where we did. Ahhhh the serenity ?
And an absoltiely stunning drive in and out """
#SEPARATOR#"""Step 1 - wash sheets
Step 2 - put clean sheets on bed
Step 3 - come back from the beach and climb into bed without washing feet . . .
Does life have a rewind button?"" Taking a break from recording to play a solo set at The Lass tomorrow (Wednesday) night. Not only am I performing a new original for the first time ever, I am also working on a new Bon Iver cover, along with my favourite Sufjan and Noah Gundersen. Come have a beer with me! Does anyone have a mandolin I can borrow for a week or two? Preferably one with decent intonation :) These guys . . . legends, every one. ""Today this absolute legend has his first HSC exams. Toby, you're awesome, I love you to bits, and I can't wait for you to move here next year!
Hang in there bro, good times are right around the corner ;) xx"" Yesterday I saw the sun rise, swam in the ocean, climbed a mulberry tree, and recorded a sketch of a song. It is the last one in my '5 days, 5 sketches' challenge, something I've had a lot of fun doing over the past week. This is a new song, and it's for you, my friends. I think a lot of us have a pretty distorted view of ourselves and sometimes it helps to be reminded of how we are seen through the eyes of those who know and love us. Just small part of what I'd like to say, hope you enjoy it xx Sunshine sisters and a Jasmin sandwich . . . what a life Love this song so much. Can't wait to play it with you again bro. Two more days!!! Got some exciting things in the works, this one's gonna be vibing ;) Riding to the beach at 3, anyone wanna join? Thanks for all the birthday love! I had a wonderful day surrounded by the world's greatest family and friends, and got to play one of my favourite gigs so far. I am so incredibly blessed x So much excitement!!! Xx This really made my morning, thanks Nice work bro! Loving the vibe So much love"
#SEPARATOR#Angry and sickened. International day against Homophobia, Biphobia and Transphobia  "Mental illness is the fashionable explanation for sin" £30 quid fine for driving in a bus lane. Fuckin' fascists. Hi, I'm Josh, Road trip yall. Bougie hoe post alert. New whip y'all. Fucking seething. I'm salty. Here goes nothing! Why is he so cute though Sometimes just being pure of heart and having good intentions, and letting them be known is the most worthy contribution an artist can make. Awww haha she's such a peanut head. Love taking her to work with me. She isn't used to working. She's never stopped all day bless her. Winding each other up during pre drinks. Fuck it Me and my absolute ride or die! Sums up our friendship really. Me and Rachel took Moses for a day out at east park strange look. Am I the only one who is thinking thank fuck I'm too old to be entered into the hunger games?
#SEPARATOR#"Yup Fucking READY!!!  Waking up is hard to do! Having a total fucking shit of a day. Does anyone on my FB have a working knowledge of Tor? I have questions Brandy is back! Poor viv however has been hit by a car and needs his leg amputated. Sammy's on the gin! Actually just lost my life in the gym Who's on notting hill carnival this year?! Wireless was soooo fuckingggggg siiiiiiiick I love winker Just emailed off a few test shots to the Game of Thrones casting director...fingers crossed please everyone!!!! Anyone else in the Dunstable area having problems with their wifi?! Mine is fucked. Oh good lord, as if I've been asked to be in a music video for Lethal Bizzle! Unpaid! Jog on sunshine don't care how famous you are!! Did you know that the dangly bit at the back of your throat is called a uvula?! ""Lucky sucky sucky mmmmmm poo balls.
Ps. Tomatoes"" I've got visitors of the spooky kind! I want a tiger and a monkey and LOADS of reptiles. Thanks for all the birthday love today guys! And thanks to all who came to make it a special one! Awesome day at the zoo! A monkey jumped on me! Pub later for some birthday drinks. Hollaaaaa I like that these days, when I've had a drink, I get soppy rather than argumentative! LOVE Any pole dance teachers out there?! I know have a proper pole that hopefully won't dump me in the wardrobe!! Did you know, some male ducks can literally shed and regrow their penises!"
#SEPARATOR#"New phone, hooray! ""What is it with Apple products?? I gave up with the iPhone due to the fun it had by deleting all my contacts several times and redelivering emails multiple times.
The iPad has now come out to play and has redelivered the last 1100 emails (mostly junk)......looks like I have a mammoth deleting session ahead."" ""I opened the front curtains today and found this.......half a pigeon on the lawn.
It is only one step away from a horses head under the pillow."" Second day of spring.......chucking it down and sunny. Got to love the British weather. Love it! ""Brackley folk.......does anyone have the right information regarding school strikes next Wednesday please?
Thanks!"" Ok......she wins. I have moved off the sofa! Not very old, what a shame. So Phil offers to do some gardening.......it has cost me a new fork. Tonight's pizza came with an added extra........cheesy giraffe! Even less to see today...... ""Brackley people......opinions please......
Rosetti's or The Laughing Onion for evening out with a group of people?
Thanks."" Who has stolen my view??? Well I never thought I would see ram raid bollards being installed at my local Waitrose...... Phil made the mistake of leaving the sofa......lost his space. What an odd way to sit.......tail up in the air......bizarre. ""Oh good.
Had an email from The Daily Telegraph offering me """"skiing in your sixties"""".
Thanks for that."" ""I remember when the 'Phone Book' was huge.......people used to have contests to see who could rip one in half.
Sigh......another bit of history diminished!"" Whatever happened to party bags that just had a slice of cake, a balloon, a whistle and a pencil? Who needs an alarm clock when you have the 'dove on a drainpipe' outside your bedroom window? ""So today is St David's Day and the Movie Mix channel is screening 'Christmas Miracle'.
Great programme planning then."" ""Road trip.......
Seaside here we come!!"""
#SEPARATOR#Words fail me ......... Players Player this year! Pay it forward. Sounds like fun! Sadly, I don't fit the description. Worth another Share. Still got The Fab Four in the UK then! Wales, Ireland,Scotland, England - W.I.S.E! What a very Happy Day! Two more little boys born into my ever expanding 'Family & Friends'! Congratulations Josh & Marianne, Hayley & John! The waiting is finally over! (And I'm going to visit my Granddaughter this morning too!) Yippee! Calverley Grounds - not Park - without the bandstand, the paddling pool or the pitch and putt. Still got the very happy memories though! I took a trip down memory lane today. What are they doing to our old school My boy, all set and ready to go to his first day at Borden Grammar School. Well done, Alfie! Perfection of beauty. Ok, Facebook Friends, I need your help. My car's failed it's MOT somewhat spectacularly so I need to find a suitable replacement ASAP to run around in whilst I decide what I'm going to do with it. If any of you have or know of a little run around which might be up for grabs,please give me a shout? Muchos gracias I.A! Oh no, I'm not in Spain anymore - Many Thanks I.A! First morning at Max and Vaughn's. Mustn't grumble!
#SEPARATOR#"Idris mother fucking Elba!!! Rabid dogs couldn't keep me away!!!!! As my gorgeous friend Agnes Ingram continues her fight with cancer, we want her all to know we are with her all the way ""Getting ready for a stall at Sandridge school summer fair this Saturday, starts at 11am. Please come down and take a look, always a good turn out and a good variety of stalls 
Frames are available to order"" Yes they should learn to shut the fuck up! Utter madness Off you go with that shit!  Sometimes despite your insecurities, you just have to hope you are enough for someone Anyone with kids at sir John Lawes...they are being sent home...power cut. My boy gave a homeless man £5 of his Christmas money today, I know many people disagree with it due to what people may spend the money on but I love the fact he thought of someone more needy than himself, he said he hopes he buys himself some dinner"
#SEPARATOR#Happy birthday to this old hag! 45 never looks so good! Get your tenna lady ready for Friday! Love you lots Mrs G!!! Chrissy Teigen is hilarious! Thank you for all the lovely birthday messages, I had a great day in isolation with a virus!! Thanks again guys! X From Jet Black to a nice rich brown with a few highlights!! Thanks Happy birthday to my Sis Jess hope you have a nice relaxing birthday. Love you lots This is the best bit of art work I have seen in a long time!! Another Greek cooking lesson with Yia Yia!! Nothing like a Halloumi and lounza pitta!!  It's been 12 years and I still forget that Christodoulos runs on Greek time!! 9 years today dory!! I'll wait for my flowers and romantic meal Happy 30th Birthday to my big sister Lindsay. I hope you have a lovely day and get spoilt. Love you lots! Is it normal for a child to sleep talk every night?...last night was Jelly fish, the night before that was nursery and tonight he is shouting for his cousin Erin! Sleep over at Hotel La Yia Yia tonight! I spend most of my life looking for Mikey's Dummies, tonight I have added 2 more hours to said life wasted! Mikey is now giving up Dummies as I can't find any!! I must have bought over 200 Dummies and yet I can't find any!!!!! So, I asked Mikey how much he loved me and he said 2 weeks!! But loves Buddy 3 weeks! Thanks Moomoo!! It's going to be a long night......a case of Redbull will be needed tomorrow! Watching Happy Potter with my boys! You would think that after having a child, family would ease off with the presents for you, NOPE not only am I having to find room for a million Dinosaurs and a shop full of clothes for Mikey, I am having to find the room for 3 big bags of stuff for myself too! I've lost all numbers.please can peeps text me! My man is dynamite in the bedroom!!! Leaves me weak at the knees...champion lover!! Waiting for a replacement phone this evening, if you need me, message me on here! Leaving for work at 7:50 and moved all of 3 miles (if that) in the last 45 minutes. I swear I spend most of my life stuck in traffic!! Looking forward to the christmas party at the end of the week Mum's looking after Mikey whilst Chris and I shop for his christmas presents....after 45 minutes at the dinosaur section at Toys R Us, I realise i should of left Chris with my Mum too! Actually find myself hilarious, changing Chris' birthday to today and to his 40th!!  Mikey's response when I tell him I love him......."yeah ok" pfffft!!!
#SEPARATOR#time for some real politics good luck from myself and all your buddys AFC 'balls deep' f.c.. go get em tiger! why is the FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation getting involved in this fifa ordeal.. america cant even spell football. looks like yours truly is now co-signed to play for 46a.. ha'way the lads. tooooo good! AFC is today officially backing the woman hunt to find this schlaaag! be on the lookout boys and girls.. approach with caution.. reward offered. hull to beat united coupled with west ham beating newcastle.. I like the sound of this. anyone a goalkeeper? the thrill is gone' .. r.i.p b.b king! After last nights seeding event the county's league positioning see's AFC head in to battle in the championship. AFC are confident of building an empire and conquering the league this season.. "allez Balls Deep!" a mahoosive farewell and gigantic thank you to all of my tesco family.. it's been emotional! X Manny faces! My neck.. My back.. My neck and my back!
#SEPARATOR#Who remembers enigma? Oh my god. I was practically at the scene of the terroist attack today. I was on great smith street and sat nav was telling me to turn right onto broard sanctuary but it looked busy so i went left up victoria and had to let two mi5 cars through so if i had followed sat nav I would have been on paliament square the exact time the inncident was going on. I love our armed forces guys. you go guys not sure id get away with this in my delivery van on the m25 at 70 mph. I sleep. i crash. I kill someone,,, but its ok my police officer. i was just napping , in japan its an acceptable sign of hard work. lol. im defo a dog person .. bitches lol. watched edge of 17 tonight. I thought it would be shit. but It totally wasnt, enjoy it peeps. its happening, peach reunion 2017. tickets booked. new cyberdog clothes ordered. and even mandy is coming lol. should be a good few days off work. now someone slap me and tell me im too old to rave anymore lol. Faithless, Music matters. which i saw performed live at global gathering. and took my breath away.  I saw my little baby only a week ago but i feel like i havn't seen her for ages. cant wait to see you sophie boo x daddys coming tomorrow. taken on my friend piyas boat. she made me laugh so I had to look away lol. 4 12 hours shifts this week. and looks like another tomorrow. and saturday. I am what you offically call a Hardcore worker.. im sitting here hooked on thug life videos again. dam you internet lol. wow. so looking forward to this. there is something so heart wrenching when your child openly cries for you to stay with them that is makes you absolutly not want to leave their side no matter what untill they are better. x ill never leave you sophie boo x spent another afternoon looking after my littel angel sophie. who finds it extremly funny to keep slapping daddy round the face bless her. im sure its her way of punishing me for not being there all the time. but was heart broken when i told her i had to go home and she was cring and asking me to stay bless her. so i stayed for her. x
#SEPARATOR#Prayers for Manchester Omg I will lose what's left of my mind. I freakin' love me some Who's the Boss... please please please be true! The man is super pleased with his new light up kicks! He also swatched some glorious eyeshadow on his hand for momma bahaha Stupid insomnia... Ugh Spent Mother's Day with my babies... sometimes you just have to watch Ducktales lol Happy Mother's Day to the best mom and mamaw in the world. We wouldn't make it a day without her! Love you, momma! If you are in the market for some great Younique products, to freshen up your look, please take a look at my link and shop from the comfort of your own home! Help me reach my goal Contact me if you would like to host a party. Double points started yesterday. Absolutely no investment or obligation required on your part, just a great opportunity to earn some free products without ever leaving the comfort of your own home!! Dear France, you deserve whatever shit show Brussels and Merkel choose to impose on you. Smdh My life is now a better place... you're welcome, Facebook friends... enjoy! The sound of church bells ringing all day, has literally been music to my ears! ??? Now dinner! Whaaaat... travel day! Get hype. Come through vacation lol  Still an amazing quote! My daily prayer for my children is health and happiness!! Why are people so crappy sometimes? When your 5 year old says (while eating a blizzard), "we had to have a blizzard mom cuz it's RuPaul Friday!" I'm not sure what that means but I LIKE it! Lol Alright who wants to take me to see Beauty and the Beast??? Everyone I know has already seen it but me! Booo  Well you can't beat the top team AND the officials but I'm still proud to bleed blue!! Nothing but love for you U.K.! Feed Bam, please!! Time to make a run and get all of our guys involved... that's if the refs will allow it!  Come on Cats, let's do this!
#SEPARATOR#"""Its hard to argue with a person who already preset himself/herself to be always right""..
Waiting........
""My salute to all the fathers in the world. Happy father's day.""
This is over. Dallas have already won their first ever title with less than 5 minutes left. Its still a good season for Miami reaching the finals with a shaky regular season start. I'M STILL BE A MIAMI HEAT FAN...
""When everything is going your way, your certainly in the wrong lane"".
is a loser today...
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person...
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving...
As long as there are exams there are always prayers in schools.
A heartbreaking loss.
Life is a race in which everyone wants to be the criminal not the victim.
Most people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.
Friends are like bras; close to your heart and there for support....
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like and do what you'd rather not.
Its saturday and gonna be another ""HEROES"" marathon.
NBA means life for me,...
Tough times don't last, tough people do......
ts now down to 4. CHICAGO BULLS, MIAMI HEAT, DALLAS MAVERICKS AND OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDER.
SILENCED!
My salute to all the mothers out there. You don't deserve to be greeted just on MOTHER'S DAY coz everyday shud be ur day
A little bit lost..
Happy Easter!
Let the playoffs begin....
""Only 3 persons believed I'm normal. Me, myself and I,"" anonymous.
I don't know where all these things will end....
Was able to meet my closest friends whom I already considered brothers and sisters. Thanks for the time and the effort. I will always treasure those moments...
Feeling a little bit excited to be back home tomorrow.
There are a lot of things I did that I never intended to do..
Clueless..
Is sick... Huhuhu..."
#SEPARATOR#"J. Lung ?? the best I ever had...
Uhmmn.. Yeah that's what I do.. I don't try bothering them again.
I'm so gonna try this ?? I love going to arcades mostly cos I'm addicted on Hoops Basketball. But that spin o' jackpot and stuffy toys, I'm so gonna try this hack ?? Tom's World yay!
Cos I can't and I couldn't <3 somebody else ??..
I will love you, til they take my heart away
Maybe being true, loyal, faithful, devoted, thoughtful and sweet isn't a good thing. It doesn't do any good. It's never good.
Maybe one should be wild with too many guys at the same time and rude and mean and user and bad to be kept and treasured.
Moral lesson: Maybe be nasty in order to be liked and cared for.
Missing
I've just read this on an article.. It's beautiful...
??????????????????
Love is a tricky thing.
There are those who say there’s only one person meant to be your partner for life and others that say that love can bloom with anyone… but when you’ve found that special someone, life without them can be hard to adjust to. After the tears have dried and years passed, the memory remaining can cripple you or help you fly to new horizons.-
I miss kitty.. Still <3 kitty... No one else.. Haist...
Still its kitty... <3
<3
Can't love/like anyone else no matter what.. Still hung up with kitty. Gomenkudasai..
I miss Shinwoo to my Seira...
Its still kitty... Til now.."
#SEPARATOR#"This, my friends, is why people need to know the history of the Marcos regime well to understand.
Here goes nothing...
People, if you are reading this, this will serve as a warning. I have a theoretical possibility that the Zombie apocalypse is near, because of a substance called Flakka, a designer drug created in the 1970's as an experiment for new prescription possibilities. However, if a person who has been infected with a hyper mutating virus, like colds or measles, there is a possibility that the drug will integrate with the virus and can turn it very, very contagious, via bites and bodily fluids, if the victim is wounded, and increasing it's lethality rate and infectivity rate, thus voilà, a zombie virus. If one such possibility happens, then we must brace for the end of the most of humankind's population and, possibly, other life forms.
Sony may have brought us the Greatest Hits, Microsoft may have brought us the best software and the Halo series, but Nintendo have brought us the greatest classics and innovation in the world of gaming, expect Sega (if you guys know that Sega once made consoles.)
""Life is like a holiday,
We are all excited for it,
But as it comes and go, 
We all wanted a happy ending.""
""For they believe, 
A life beyond life,
A life like time,
Forgetting the painful past,
Taking care of the present,
And looking up in the future,
And that life is God's love and grace.""
- Unknown
I don't know what to believe anymore. Someone says this, someone says that. I'm feel pity for those who keep posting about the insistence that this candidate has won, but others say that the other candidate is the one who won. Instead of just bombarding each other with spicy words and threats, how about we just accept the basic truth. That way, the people will finally stop fighting and just accept the true winners.
""Don't ride to the world if you don't know how to ride. ""
- A philosopher
I admit, I use knowledge to help others, you all should too.
We always die for what we love, even they, themselves, hurt you to the limit. But is it worth it to die if they don't care you at all? - Migz, 2015
To all people from the Philippines, do you see those problems in the distance? The BOC Tax?, The INC protest against the government?, Traffic all over the place?, Heated elections for 2016? I have an answer to all of those problems, and the answer is, NOTHING! There is no answer. You know why? Because every time someone provides one, more questions will flood into the person's mind, further complicating the situation. The best measures to problems are ignorance and rhetorical questioning. By ignorance, the severity of a problem will wear off as time goes by. As for rhetorical questioning, you ask a question that will take days, weeks, months, even years, to answer, for that will also connect with ignorance. But the true answer lies within you. Don't depend on other people's opinions for an answer, find it out yourself. For there is a saying, ""A man who finds himself will find peace and understanding."" Good luck, people, for finding the answer for yourselves.
""Love me, and I will be in your side, forever. Pray to me, and I will grant it in your necessity. Be with me, and I shall place in my Kingdom."" - To all of you, from God.
If you try to ruin my morning tom., I'll put a nice, and warm bruise in your head like I do hazing in people.
Don't be afraid today, but you have tomorrow to fear. Present is a gift, Tomorrow is a mystery, so it depends on your score, Could be a cake or a trickery.
Avoiding the problem is not the solution, always remembers, talk to your parents, friends, and teachers, in one condition. Always be empathetic to your loved ones, they'll love you forever.
Intelligence is an ability equivalent to power. Use one man's intelligence wisely.
Society is a snake, ready to bite you in every move. Help the victims, to heal, to fight back, and to capture what society is like inside.
Trying to live in our temp. home."
#SEPARATOR#"Being basic AF
International Business and Languages
fav. telling my story :) nothing but love.
Minor Cross Cultural Business Skills
Leggo!"
#SEPARATOR#"9gag
9gag
Guys can you like my page?
https://m.facebook.com/memethief16/?ref=bookmarks"
#SEPARATOR#"New blog is published. I appreciate the support and apologize for the delay in between. Stay safe and have a blessed day!
How do I copyright the phrase ""You're Everywhere"" so that when someone says it on a comment I can get paid?
#NeverForget
Just found this on ""best photos of the week"" on thechive.com ... please tell me this is what I think it is!!!!
This is the only person I trust. Never lied to me, always there for me, and isn't a different person when others are around. #MyOnlyFriend
It's incomprehensible to me how much hatred I receive online, on any given day. My purpose for being on here is to make people laugh, and hopefully provide hope for someone who is struggling. If something about that offends you, maybe you should reevaluate your own morals and priorities.
Every drunk girl instantly becomes a stripper when they hear that ""Cash Money Records taking over for the '99 to the 2000"" #SnappleFact
Next one published. Have a blessed day everyone
How men pick up a girl: be attractive, funny, witty, have money, be creative, dress nice, pay attention, get lucky... 
How women pick up a guy: lmao yea right, just wear a choker/yoga pants combo or some shit and try to leave a bar by yourself.
Happy Mother's Day
The life
#CalledIt
For my 20th entry I'd like to say that it has far exceeded my expectations. For those of you that have encouraged me, I appreciate it. All of you that have read one or all of my blogs, from the bottom of my heart, thank you.
Why the Internet is a great place:
Me: ""I don't understand."" 
Internet: ""Shut the fuck up! You wouldn't understand because you're an oppressing white male who destroys religion, hates women, and thinks you're better than minorities. You should kill yourself."""
#SEPARATOR#"My favorite picture!
#LenínNoEresMiPresidente
mmmbop The first song I skated... Crazy!
Need this T-shirt
I'm not a fan of independent... but have been worn! Hats off guys
""adventure is out there"" 
Same for ice skating people!
Lol... me neither
That no more...
LOL"
#SEPARATOR#"y’nCause now i’m free as birds catching the wind
Thank makakarecognize that I look like john llyod
Oh against you?! Haha"
#SEPARATOR#"This is how i sing angrezi songs. :D 
Ohhh man. Just made my day.
This anime is great.
Im so sorry for romanticizing anxiety issues on Facebook. I know some people have it worse than i ever ever had in my life. 
Its not a joke, anxiety, depression and other issues.
This is not just about Ariana Grande, its about all those dead and injured. 
This fucked up world, social media and page exploiting the cause. Well that is the world we live in now. 
Be strong people of this world, today Manchester England.
I take back what i wrote about 13 reasons why, its good, a bit too much but hey this is THAT generation now. We dont talk about it but most of them are doing it anyway may it be suicide or sex and the repercussions and consequence though...
Well thats something to talk about on a long run.
Why??"
#SEPARATOR#"Good one Arnab. 
Mr.pathan, youre a shameless creature. I feel bad for all the women who had to tolerate this piece of shit.
Lol
I wish my shinigami was this cool
Equality "
#SEPARATOR#"Skinny days ???? hahaha
More water igib
Happy Alentine's Ay to those who don't have a V for their D
RIP
When you actually they wanted Aljhon Arciaga hahaha
I give up now
Beat The Heat 2k16
Day 1 ILOCOS
There are people who comes and papasaya us come the day mawawa them in unexpected circumstances that maybe has a reason
Jhon Never made silver too, hahaha"
#SEPARATOR#"Even a hot guy gets cold sometimes.
I see.
Due to pimples Sagwa (Mista, you just have to hanginan wishers maaju.
From Hanginan.
I don't always eat breakfast. But when I do.....
Merry Christmas? Me: OK.
Test run 1:11. Kapoy pod.
Bike pod usahay.
Far away from home.
Beautiful isn't it?"
#SEPARATOR#"My farewell, my first sari and my sweet sister?? #adiosihs
When i know i am going to be eating biriyani for dinner today ????Thanks to my sister for clicking this candid?? the only candid i am SATISFIED with
Farewell 2k15 #ihsthumakda
Going to miss this faggot. I love you.
Mommy read this pls Leena Kunju
Bestiiiies here's one for u
Tried Wedges for the first tym 2day!!!
Me!!!!!!!
Very nic kelesha dear.... Keep it up.
me
and my sis"
#SEPARATOR#"My potterheads! 
Never thought i would actually be friends with you again! and now...vulle
And bumho!! You're the best!
Wedding night!!
Down Sanya ki mnjadi hai... love u girls!!..
make way for the three musketeers!!...:p ;)
selfieeeee!!... ;) :* <3 <3"
#SEPARATOR#"let the weekend begin. #Bier
Giannis Antetokounmpo #Nbavote (heart) imposed
Because if I'm a little lucky, maybe tonight I can dream
The good news: the monster under your bed is no longer following you. The bad news: it wants to be your friend. @NeinQuarterly
I wish.
Crazy weekend at Bernie.
#ihavethisthingwith #windgenerators
Comet Large dimensions approaching threatening the land. Scientists attribute the fact the potential brexit.
Poor Adam
Alcohol won't stay in Leicester tonight. Maybe to the surrounding counties. Maybe in England. And I hide my beer here for good and for bad."
#SEPARATOR#"04-29 birthday bash! #dxblife #dubai #jumeirabeach #souqmadinat #squadgoals
click [HD] .Thank you!
Like my newly updated page.
pa like for future endeavor! SOONEST"
#SEPARATOR#"A nice band of killers!!!
Enchiladas <3
BADASS
The three MOTHERFUCKERS <3
An then i'll HM02 away !
This is real music for once on this radio!"
#SEPARATOR#"Palms of Valencia
https://m.facebook.com/profile.php?id=646630445503847 who will go with me?
A week ago...
Purple Phantom
Kuk ;)
2 tigrice 
Breaking bad... the best :D
Train for free last day -> Go to tatras #horalkavudoli #legsorhotdogs :-D
Proof Place Promises (status) ;-)
Predštátnicové Madness #Rip2015 #Fuckingworthit"
#SEPARATOR#"These plebs
Festive family photo. Merry Christmas!"
#SEPARATOR#"No animal should live like this, please take 10 seconds of your time to sign this petition. 455,000/ 500,000 have signed, 45,000 to go.
Whether he builds the wall or not, bans muslims, kicks out all immigrants.....it doesn't matter. The damage is done.
Ok Trump won, nothing we can do about it but hope for the best. So lets get back to funny animals and shit!
This nigga breaking records and i can't even stand on a skateboard....
This will put a smile on your face, that last one tho
Oh shit, Planet earth 2!! Gonna be awesome!
Amazing! This is why i love the internet 
And the winner for the biggest balls goes to this dog
Fucking awesome
Oh Hilary...."
#SEPARATOR#"THIS IS IMPORTANT!@
Women have the guts to be emotionally vulnerable.
-Cat Grant ki epic advice ka mafhoom.
A sad sad end, but a brilliant one imo.
Season 2 comes to an end and I have no idea what I'd do with my life once I finish Flash too.
NO! NO! GHOST! NOO!!!!!
Perfff 
Can't even imagine the pain of someone losing their child to suicide and still see them going about life like everything is fine. My heart goes out to the Snyder family. Though I know very little of him as a director but I know a lot about how he might be feeling right now.
Please, reach out when it gets too much. It's better to scream than to end yourself. To anyone who feels like giving up, we all need you here. Talk to your loved ones, people who care and when all else fails, to me and others you know online. Please, don't give in. You're precious.
#RIPAutumn
#SuicideAwareness"
#SEPARATOR#"“Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” -George Addair
I can feel it right now.
It's been a long time.
And you don't have to
My skin blows the wind
Tingling in a thousand and a thousand cells
Feeling alive
Nothing can replace courage, a resounding motivation and that little bit of luck.
Sir Edmund Hillary
I have a summer. 4"
#SEPARATOR#"No matter what happens, always has to take high sound... just got done with a new song go so sad... :)
#singforpassion #2ndolympiadformajors #mashup #timber #countingstars #leadvocal
Moving to Portugal =)))
Are the days of k worries, those days of playing hooky on a team with a reason to go to school, the team at dance when music like crazy...
Is a part of my youth before into campus life tired and anarchy...
School is almost gone, but the memories will remain...
Introvert people are is a gift :))))
OMG
Baby Let's live like cat
Large, naive as dreams forever
There is a whole new world
Let's bring, bring the same dream in my life..."
#SEPARATOR#"*insert a fetch caption here*
we're so dope and your so nope.
I love my soul sisters
Ok so basically this is the ice bucket challange ,thanku Nicole for nominating me So,today I m going to be nominating Adweta ,Aditi ,Sambridhi if u guys don't accept the challange than u have to donate to the ALS ( http://icebucketchallenge.org/ )
Ok so u guys have 24 hours and ur time starts now..
1D n Lm d best eventhough not d pic of Lm ......lol!!!!!!
............1D forever .............;)
So cute............
amazing"
#SEPARATOR#"What a fucking our anniversary
Damn fb pictures out! >~<
My definition of ""Doing homewok""... Im almost done btw.
Cant sleep, wont sleep n_n
Add A description x2 eyes are not close yet... we'll go to sleep... I hope not :$
Witchaar :`)
alive"
#SEPARATOR#"No chance.
Mass ended. Peace be with you! Thank you papa god
Stay Weird and Awesome
Everyone can make you smile but not everyone can make you happy.
Jerimiah 29:11
Good boys are usually on the friend zone."
#SEPARATOR#"Feel the bgm
And I know it...
Ever fav
Yesterday's fb posts when you see ""kandasamy kaleksi and"" novel la j. K Anna the end of the burner
He said: "" Kuve?i of his va?i?am love that, but, history............."" #that_perfect_ending
He is the train mileage eva?o?u... #ErumaSaani
Hey cevala....
Why bye street vukka ?e? going?
You liked goes away
If you want the
Lallu bro and Daniel Annie Pope bro
Best wishes"
#SEPARATOR#I cant even get thru watching The Kindness Diaries' adverts on t.v. It makes me cringe that this guy who can afford to travel around the world is begging from people who has much less than him. They should rename it The Thick-Faced Freeloader: International Calibre.
#SEPARATOR#"Since when Youtube sells videos?
Good news is this. If China can support Palestine until freedom. Zionist can be lost.
My handsome enough, and it's good.
Sorry,bro...
Lol
This lucky kid ask "" Madi (mama rindi) want money not mine? Myka is rm2... Madi ambiklah.""
...... Terharunya.
"" where can the money?""
""Myka Light Tubes, can rm60, Rm50 for onni, Rm8 bye buy ice cream, baki rm2 ni madi ambiklah""
Lucky..."
#SEPARATOR#"EveryThIng is temPorarY
MaKe tHe most oUt of it
Atty. Dionisio Milio 4 vicE-governor
Shade #3 
Credits to madam Jenny Hangdaan
Please vote!"
#SEPARATOR#"Why so cute?? i love you my husband Justin Bieber #justinbieberstories #justinbieber Sorry Justin I stolen your photos! Justin Bieber Philippines
Seriously? Bro are you serious? haha 9GAG"
#SEPARATOR#"This is an absolute joke. What the hell is wrong with people.
She should have absolutely no rights at all. Let the bitch rot.
Usual rubbish dished up to us by our so called justice system. All they ever do is protect the perpetrators never the poor bloody victims.
I say put the judicial system and the magistrates to jail permanently. Our system really stinks. So many murderer's walking our streets. What a bloody joke our just use system is. There is no justice.
End all kind of bullying. Make people and companies responsible.
Sick and tired of these monsters getting hardly any jail time. They are allowed to do as they please with no consequences. Put them behind bars for life forever.
I hope it fixes all the problems it seem to have all the time"
#SEPARATOR#Family.
#SEPARATOR#"I laughed so hard, I think I broke a rib
Don't try this at home!
This is one for the good days
And I have it all here
In red blue green
In red blue green
Most creative shit you'll see in weeks!
Just like a gate to the parallel universe, and we are doomed to repeat our history, our mistakes part of it, just as if history books are instruction manual for destruction.
#syria #refugee #refugeecrisis
I dont usually go to lakes n stuff! But when I do, I lay on the water."
#SEPARATOR#"This is awesomely hilarious x'D
Always sweet ohhh!
When you dress like something small but the xl rekta nakadisplay then immediately the next size. You don't go well. Haha #BiniliKoPaDin
scene in the compshop]
* YOUNG BEGINNER NAGFAFACEBOOK *
Girl1: courting is said what to do.
Girl eh, they could!
Me: (Oh! )
You stayed up just to watch how the world can be so unfair and then try to sleep it off. Yeah it sucks.
One night transformation. Sorry, I don't know magmake up x'd"
#SEPARATOR#"New song has hit iTunes! Continuing the Superbros thing with track ""Tinderella"" :)
https://itunes.apple.com/…/a…/tinderella-single/id1227526684
Expecting to find it's way to Spotify etc. very soon too
Lol #ilves #hakametsä #lukko #ekaerä
America may be first... after Finland. ;)
Basic. If the sound guy goes out of his administration to recycle or mix in audio or band can't hear himself on stage, so the public think the band is shit. If you light a man doesn't fix the lights but used a slow-moving light show and visual novel is not, therefore, is the flamboyant public that shitty band. If gig subscriber to make sure and leave technology altogether without ordering band goes and pulls a dark stage in his own house, surround sound, no help while your throwing flips on stage when the crowd doesn't see a dark stage, and so the band is shit. Performers Get Boo-boo the other I my neck without exception -- these others raise your hands in the air laughing "" sorry mai baa d ' when leaving the house a thousand people holding their ears. St
When #Brexit votes happened, the news agencies wrote how pound had crashed as if it was a seriously bad thing (the crash wasn't even that huge)... but now #Trump got chosen for presidency and the dollar is at all time high against euro, so that's gotta be a good thing? Yet there are no news articles about this? Surely Trump's election would've cast an effect on the trust towards the dollar, just like Brexit did for pound. Maybe it has but the effect is opposite from that of Brexit's.
Thinking politically neutral; are the main news agencies politically neutral or do they write everything with color pencils?
As a side note, it's a bad time for an European to buy anything from or to travel in the States, but a great time for us who get the salaries in dollars. Meanwhile we mainlanders can go traveling in the UK. Lower pound value has probably given a slight boost on tourism. It's not all bad. ????
PS. It was awesome to visit the States in late 2009 when the dollar-euro course was around 1.45x ... those times will come back at some point, so now it's time to save up your euros if in any way possible."
#SEPARATOR#"Bite me
Catched it at the big screen since its the last installment. The RE movies has always been my guilty pleasure. They really rocked it this time with the jumpscares and the plot especially. Loose ends are tied, and hey! they got Claire back and she's wearing her Revelations 2 costume (yey!). I just hate how fast the camera transitions were during the fight scenes... Makes it hard to watch to the point that I don't know what's happening anymore but, all in all it was a great film 
February 6th, please be good #DemoTeaching
I'm going nuts
Put coffee on my oatmeal instead of milk this morning and it didn't dissapoint ... My new favorite combination
Nostalgic
throat is aching, hands are shaking, hoarse voice, sick of noise #TeacherStruggles
Saw you in my dream again.
No need for a new me this new year, I'd rather stay the same
Is it too late now to say Merry Christmas? #latenightwalks"
#SEPARATOR# Kamisama Suzu derp face v 13 April 2014 please ask for information dong title song that time the Ricci to the discotheque then kill the person wear cyanide spray there is a disco song there yanhg know what title it For those who are wondering this is Misa 2 0 has her own page On Facebook Official ENOZ banner not turn off your speakers Yeah sure A good tip Half naked batman with batman shorts drinking something while rollerskating Your argument is invalid But does not your phone ring or something DAT LEGS Lucky panda The first one is actually kinda cool Leopardwoman Maybe Teach me master Still ugly Where dafuq is his head in pic 2 Do not cry because it's over Smile because it happened Dr Seuss At SMP 45 for MGMP At SMP 45 for MGMP teman2 cb copy this code and paste it in google search sqrt cos x Cos 200 x sqrt abs x 0 7 4 xx 0 01 sqrt 9 x 2 sqrt 9 x 2 from 4 5 to 4 5 please see the result 9gag Everything is okay in the end If it's not okay then it's not the end aLoNe SaMa 4 11 11 Just an usual dinner With friends at Cafe 12 Do not expect things to happen It's better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed aLoNe SaMa Deal with what I ve dealt with feel what I've survived what I've survived and overcome what I overcame then you can judge Me aLoNe SaMa I know life is not easy but this f ing ridiculous aLoNe SaMa It is not hard to find the truth What is it?
#SEPARATOR# Rip indognesia gaming Ngok2 Happy CNY for the notes Nidji Clear me dong good good good Freak Nigga aw shit nigga Hugo well fuck you biatch Blood lad why love is such a sweet illusion bosen main pokemon own pokemmo eu pokemon Online happy happy happy cresent friend On FB grew more gajelas 3 biatch you're fabulous guren yumiya full number It's just repeated 4x
#SEPARATOR# Unfettered individualism of the United States that does not free health care or high education Wealth is rich and into modern Chinese-style environmental degradation Economic difficulties and internal tensions in Europe The Mexican-style narcotics watch whatever it says still MU in the heart Someone knows not MU opponent Chelsea when his teeth offside his cheek kayak runway plane Who is that Wkwkwk Finally Indonesia wins also 2 1 thailand YESSS Wah steady kalipun this PLN Say no da again die lights I hate all the people of Indonesia 6 0 laos Menanggg telakk Why why everyone's status about love Hahahaha Goool Indonesia 5 1 malaysia indonesia win Gooool Indonesia 4 1 malaysia AYOO INDONESIA Bkn I mean to like that Cuscus Every time I see your face it's like to spit in your face Wkwkwkwk MU 7 1 Blackburn Won the landscape I'm sorry that has hurt your heart is not my intention to hurt you You always make me smile MU take MU 2 0 Wigan Round p First MU 1 0 WIGAN MU VS WIGAN Yesss Indonesia wins Come on Just kyak was groggy Ooh Stupid times any fabregas Gara2 he's a penalty do not want to cut the bull Go to berastagi in wajir Hope so much in kFC walkot Yes allah Make it easy me in facing exam tomorrow If i wrong talk to me Today is the most unpleasant Day Wrong Gk bsa watch ball Dsr adek ugly Mantaaaap MU wins Bravo in dome Otw to terrain Widih Macet banget this on the way going to long fields Otw to high hill Hemmmm For everything thanks why Hopefully qaul become a better person and become the pride of both parents Salut for PLN There will be a fasting in there pulak mati lampu Nunggu kakak kesia pulng lecture at kfc petronas Waduh Log in 8 16 Wuih cantiknya this bandung jogja I am coming wkwkwkwkwkwkwk Yes gods Give The strength and ease of our hungry brothers in NTT finally hp ku true also wkwkwkwkwkwkwk Mw prayer but no sarna sna mna ini In the perjal N rantau prapat I'm a walking animal on my way to hell Aghhhhhhh Why to lose You're beautiful Dead lamps In fact want to learn mandarin I think my mama is never too late byr electricity is really like this your service PLN Do not cry I do not see facebook Komen Kalok kayak like this continue what the word bad world imitation time so people Ma go ayo Likes you Class is not open no friends Complete is my suffering you have a sissy kreak anyway again Huhhh dtng speed so no friends Why You do not care me Kesiannya adek Me 2 days in hospital rapidly heal ca Mau makan2 It's boogie time Lapers Eating fried bird steady Eating steady fried birds Home back to die lamp cape deh How happy to have a sister You give me support Do not KREAK time is so people Bored wait Main facebook use HP people Do not have capital WADUH There is a giant in front of me KABUR Lg jalan2 ini da yG Mau iKut g Tp jalan2 antar la la laughing laugh laug N porridge and ketoprak steady Dead lights Education is war Finally GILA les mornings play FB Ouch brother sick Duh my brother sick Pengen eat pempek cheat is beautiful Difficult exam times from the planet mananya that make this problem Test exam ujiaaaaaan lagiiiiiii mau exam monday matila aku ini ada Test mandarin also aduuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu Yo gabba gabba Thanks for all that ngucapin waiting for his prize why hehehehe I'm thirsty Woy do not eat in front of me lah so want this Laper Ouch Do you want to be my girlfriend Please accept me Today exam physics Doain why woi Gg Hurry Hurry already can not stand this anymore in mdn want plg kemedan Lg in jogja
#SEPARATOR# Shapenya masya allah 3 laugh first lah There is a meaning behind all the signs Fuck you jar just fuck you jokes era smp Turn dream dreams again dream long self-immersed Ironically that answers everything and I hope you're the one I share my life with HOLY SHIT Drunk brother boooommmmmmmmm Write something
#SEPARATOR# Happy New Year 2017 Easy peasy Purwokerto beach vacation Artruckstic artistic truck It's where my demons hide demons imaginedragons Every way to a tourist attraction must always be asked the same thing In Jakarta there is a place like this not Jogja peaceful holiday pure Welcome 2016 Eliminate a moment of trouble in your mind Enjoy Your life is the holiday peak it binus The bitter experience will be a sweet thing to tell Fighting for your live reagge bobmarley Children today have trouble even being photographed instead of assisted Eid al-Adha 1436 H iduladha 1436h Indonesia is not to be acknowledged but to be fought Merdeka Hello Path myfirstPost Hello Instagram myfirstPost Hello Facebook myfirstPost
#SEPARATOR# Eighttwenty hm can i just asdfghjkl i know that i should not do that how crazy i am THE MEANING OF LIFE HD Indonesian Subtitles for how abah ngeupload photos pke facebook his son forgot in logout kaaahhhh Homesick laugh FINISH What do you think laugh out loud maybe you can not Changes me give up astagfirullah bungas banar pian is suitable dear friend crazy crazy crazy banar opponent pian hypocrite is ahay 3 thanks that sorry ngucapin can not reply one one yaaa D Makasih who ngucapin Sorry can not reply one one yaaaaa D I hate my hair Now ask for effect again if anti laughing is waiting there cally p i say you what the hell son patiently grave wide child science is fun fun and fun not stiff and not lose the same social child Big bang big bang we're back again One more time unfortunately No way way neomu swipge tto nami dwae m now it's dated how many inspirations can not kill me mamaaaa TT Behamukan on facebook cba lngsng behdpan plng betamparan He he bonjour boomerang m Because I'm not a robot do not ever scold me when my nilaiku plummet slahkan time given very short network babsssssss what's wrong nahh Risks gamers lalala suddenly this comp lab became hot die dear gin kam there aahhahahaha Moon sorry to be born and inner friend of m the difference of high school Banua sma high school GIBS apadehh heyaaaa kampret sekretret kampretnya kampret this is more kampret drpda the most campret basic kampret thank you for giving a beautiful memories Alhamdulillah yaAllah what are you looking for own characteristic lahh do not ikut2 Diikutin so uncomfortable like this baby you light up my world like body number else wish me luck yes God bismillah yes God o not forever I'm caught and laughing because I'm happy no longer do you make lau lau lau because your self who do not menuu tuu tuuuuuu front Well behind him nauzubillah busukk Ha Ha manaa RT in la Ilatlr God Can I be as strong as God? Are there any friends like shbt2 keke Tuhan msih in ULYAULYAAA RT in WIWAAAY RT in syifaaayuniar '' I want to know after I'm not there how I am recalled '' SKUT UN last dilemma between passionate spirit 04 001 018 7 inshaAllah can ob Aaaaa RT in omgugel Who want to follow where the voice you think I'm stupid not deh gakkk HAHA in Alfacano in HarryPotterIndo HPIMop HPIfolback Slytherin rzkkyoktvia ravenclaw thank you brother Cakka pcar Draco fiancé Cedric Husband HAHAHAHAA make something ordinary become extraordinary D Stalker B stupid I am I'm smiling unconscious smile unaware myself it turns out I was daydreaming you why you always just you fill my brain krna you slalu sja you colonize my heart you you are you again oh god please cant'stop thingking about you stop talking about you b GOBLOK TAI MAMEH DOG PIG YG MAKE FB KU TADI KABABAK HAHA IBLIS JUA let's start playing PB again asekkk Kka i miss you so much lafyu 3 hahahaa goodluck my brother suksess who bner smangat play basketnya prayer CL's formuu p lafyu tomorrow has departed o hwahh dark night night xx HAHA be patient NHADIA PUTRI INDRI RIANTINA long time no play Pottermore once play cengo forget how HAHAA Who kada happy HAHAHA again bm worse if there klakuanku who do not accept mhon dimaklumi ii so no PD aku xx adohh adohh
#SEPARATOR# Asik iya speechnya Mudah2an all that is good that he want to materialize Science 3 years ago Woohohoho Aditya Gandhi Pratama this game D'mitry Adam N all Antania Shinta Yuwono Nurul Novianti Wijaya hai cockroach fans 8 years ago 4 years ago wandering in Frankfurt am Main Because of the diversity of Aditya Gandhi Pratama this kind of bike is cool for teaching Before up minimoto D Uuuuhh Mia Nur Ikhsanti Antania Shinta Yuwono this motoGP racer real Aditya Gandhi Pratama Aditya Gandhi Pratama Antania Shinta Yuwono look how beautiful is this Emmmh Wat Anyone can not see the situation cool Adenie Abubakar Alaydrus Rosita Evillya and friends everywhere are especially in Berlin hati2 Hope bad events do not happen 4 years ago Ooh how I miss this time Stress could be fuel for our progress Hoahahaha 3 years ago Beautiful place beautiful scenery Beautiful story First blue hour after Very long time Now I remember why I love it This place when it was built Tau know already so Today's snapshot Got the chance to get this place during blue hour Carbon fibeeerr OV Magnificent decoration by at 4sdecor High speed turning stoppie The redaction of smoke Wawan's signature Wawan Tembong ready Wawan Tembong asean freestyle champion ready to go Cool beautiful place to hold your Events Nice building in Alam Sutra decorated by at 4sdecor Explore What a place Old time no motret blue hour It used to be a little bored afternoon out for just any motret with the sky background like this Kok now it's hard Aditya Gandhi Pratama It's a cool person is really apal really I think he is the same trek Wedding Decoration by at 4sdecor Chakra a wedding hall found at sister Breeze BSD is one fine lace to hold your wedding In between Alhamdulillah brothers and the citizens are all enthusiastic with the ceremony and race of the race Proven little children can be a ceremony officer With minimal preparation The competition continues on the stairs Sunday 21 August 2016 Teamwork a T it's finest Anak2 is playing in the field of a school in West Jakarta Yap school field Awkward Hahaha Good morning Pitstop by Yamaha Racing Colorful Enjoy the beauty 2 years ago From the window of the boardroom Good morning from indonesia The house there is a empang Empang there his house In this area every house There is an average of one pond and one plot of rice fields This is a beautiful village and should continue like this Beautiful and simple home Comfortable there is always food D next to the rice fields next to the bed Sleep accompanied by the sound of frogs and crickets The path has been cemented But the scenery around tetep refreshing cool and cool The air Something I rarely see What comedy scene really bene Totalitas Lha kok kok This is the one who ever driven threatened to be killed it is normal May more and more that moved Adenie Abubakar Alaydrus 5 years ago hahaha Enterprises like this and people who watch sometimes the response Just so the period Hard to make DD Do kakean cangkem There are just anybody Acting Though he's cool singing Lens lens lens first buy Start ngerasain tajemnya motret wear DSLR start seneng toy depth of field narrow Now it's time move on Frankfurt am Main City where there is a tall building in germany After traveling around finally can spot a decent photo Memory several years Ago Money can not buy everything Aditya Gandhi Pratama is cool hahaha Early try HDR subuh2 from windows Dresden room 4 years ago Nemu rest unedited photos in folder IIMS 2016 Romantic candle and decor by at 4sdecor Who do not want to Have such a wedding place like this Art of welding Let's have dinner Decorations by at 4sdecor Ducati Scrambler IIMS 2016 This gonna be a long night in 4sdecor decorated room Long table decorated by at 4sdecor IIMS 2016 Hero of KSM Nyiur Booth at Islamic Development Bank 41st annual meeting Tomorrow will be the last day Come and visit us if you have a free Time in ksmnyiur Can panjaang hahahaha Drunk and Bike Much more interesting than drunk and drive Aditya Gandhi Pratama enak iya jalanan Sawarna Beach one of the most attractive tourist destinations only access which happened to be diutakatik so a little complicated time there But still recommended Travel back home from pantai sawarna Just happened to fit sunset pas on mount Hoo 4 years ago Aditya Gandhi Pratama capital D Aditya Gandhi Pratama ginian level also nyetut D'mitry Adam N You fit this like let's say apa2 when you drive you yak cc Antania Shinta Yuwono Aditya Gandhi Pratama there senggolannya also Ok So this ship ships ships to customer who waits for the shpping of their ship Simple but crowded euuuyy Aditya Gandhi Pratama Danielo Petrucci Who's that hahahahaha Take a look at the laugh hahahaha Aditya Gandhi Pratama this simple It can be applied not yes hahaha Okay he just added more variations Her skill Aditya Gandhi Pratama De Breeze BSD One of many interesting Places in South Tangerang One fine moment shared This is funny Bangam Pamulang is Antania Shinta Yuwono Anytime anytime
#SEPARATOR# Indonesian people must like this status O the jerk friend is not a friend we have to stay away but we have to embrace and give direction to the bottom chasm Trdekat eg true friend is not that can make all your problems disappear but that will not disappear when you have problem
#SEPARATOR# I wonder if it's horoscope who framed as wikipedia but I like what it says For the sake of free football 1 Cyber ??World OFFICIAL PAGE wrote HI DotA2 Gamers Blessed are you guys because mimin will be distributing GIVEAWAY 10 Immortal Items to 10 Lucky Winners so do not miss too well here are PROVISIONS and TERMS to be done by PARTICIPANTS Like Fanpage www facebook com Level1cyberworld SHARE this content to your profile Comment DOTA2Level1 easy wait wait Watch my awesome Battle Camp Replay Download Now my awesome Battle Camp Replay Download Now 2 friends who remember my birthday pfff Thks all Have Great bargaining ability accuracy and meticulous in calculation What work i have 10 years later out what color are you according to your birthday and what does it say about you at stuff battle skill soul pets et cetera make me enjoy this game 5 this prayer You may be worried about your sins with the jnji of Jesus still not brrti bhw You do not have to go to your denial room mngku sin oration letters 15 prayer and promise of jesus to st briggita prayer to st jude Thaddaeus as I remember before antichrist's time will happen Appointment where only good people who msuk heaven and yang msih sin will stay on earth truz yang Live on earth will face the antichrist's time mrpkn the most horrible period therefore do not sin from now and Repent continue 3 because by accepting the chip Your relationship with god akn permanent break therefore do not accept it but for those who do not accept the chip will be killed Remember Actually we are open from this world but in heaven just as jesus continue 2 Antichrist is anti khirstus and this is a great proof that the arrival of God is near a time antikris will offer to us all a Chip to be placed mendahi and hand chip name mondex if Not wrong If you take the chip to the forehead of the hand You then you WILL NEVER ENTER HEAVEN continue 1 Do not be too busy with your work do not be anxious your heart and REPENT because the kingdom of god is near may you not prcy bhw his arrival already dkt but actually the signs of his arrival already looks like murder rape kidnapping terrorist suicide emergence of phenomenon and the emergence of ANTIKRIS continue error all games Fb me swt OOOMGG these friends friends are visiing my profile o Axel Pratama 1136 views Andre Alogra Cilogi 983 views Ch Yvonne Noel 542 views Cornel Sakti 300 views See who views your profile in not to play bljr merely as imprisoned wkwkkw Komp Sealed pswrd lucky me bs open wkwkwk Final battles cpet slow akn unfortunately FB slow think so do you think What do you think What do you think What do you think shit UAS mat I must be ugly ah senin uas mlzzzz Merdeka holiday 2 days yesyesyeysyeses Play ' 'Pet Forest Online' 'in Facebookm Advebture Game SsSsS Sngt ca Pe at school try to go to sleep Jump tiur deh me zz Gme what yes in Fb again nge TOP Kiamat that Has been established Hoamm Yesterday fainted at home fitting home camping wokokokoko Kihrnya Merdeka Also dechhz Ah soon UAS iya Bentar again UAS Zzz Need Study Hard wui I was participating in the painting contest of the district but lost wkwkkwkwk burng ijau and red bird sdng sit wkwkwk Zzzzzzzzzzzz Gk delicious not to play on holidays Finally free from torture Uts wa this into 2kalinya ku publish blue duck wa Widih FB I changed '' Waduh owner Fb Stolen by a Hacker 'and ask for a copy of 1 Milliyar if it wants to be returned Kalo will not be infected Viruses just once click the virus it will spread to all Fb trmsk Fb you iw jijai Buzzz Please do nothhhhhhhhh if you meet hwn rare to publish also yes yes Please' 'Merry chirsmas Happy New Years 2010 all my friends '' ea Rare loh Spa cpet she can contents 30 sunflowers loh New game on NDS Black Ace Red Joker HOW WANT THIS BROWN EGG loh prefect Holiday present 100 100 lv 24 25 december 2009 kok Farm Ville I can not open yes WAA please who want to ambill FINALLY FREE OF MID STORE REVIEW Broommmm bullsed what paan neh yes Lv 21 twenty one XXI Brommmmmmmmmmm kura2 pink Wa Bullsed Collection Arthiqokes lot really wa going in golnya gila2an zzzz marinade I love you poison poison WKWKWKW aw take the kura2ini pity wii funny we yeesess yes YEA Collection rasberries lv 9 1 jedeng Of course I'm is Good Friend we Blupp take this 6 TIMES 5 TIMES 4 TIMES 3 Times twice jeng2 yea yes lv 19 pieces again Finally can also large while oioiooioi jeng2222 lv 16 zz For the sake of buying scarycrows lost green paper money 15 GroARRRRRRRRRRRR CENTER PUSING PUSING PUSING PUSING Kero kro kero iwiwiwiwi Hansen kok ADA cat how lazy how hard to ride lv Its already yes finally not EARTHQUAKE in waw who gangu my grave wkwkkw we Para2 animals yea make me neighbors in farm vile dong Full with Seed yes lv 11 gratisss owwwww yeaaa yee many animals thanks to Hansen and vincent thkzzzzzzzz If no quake I did that klr home and save lives and READY READY TO DIE wow wow My Happy Aquarium upgrade my aquarium Aduhh he said in the news there was an earthquake Saturday 24 09 2009 in jakarta with 8 5 scale ritcher National Earthquake OUCH how NIHHH MAY not be an earthquake Bring me some Anmals in the Farmville please Likes lag is FB I know lohh cheatnya farmville fndnfhcrcingnjfmc '' in on '' in in '' '' '' '' '' 0 oo 0 '' zz ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ moooooooo grass so the cow if the cow so RUMputt awakwkakwkwkwkw yeas wakkakakakak cpetnya I ride lv ye ye yes death ow yea silver this nice wakakkaka lv 7 wew qwq ow yea oww yea yes ewwer My Happy Aquarium lv 3 richard many EGH yes HELP ME how to BE UGLY ELEPHANT SWAN GOAT DUVK RABBIT WARNING For those who play Happy aquariummohon in check aquariumnya every day in order not MATE Wkwkwkkwkwkw k caveat w yes in my clean all aquarium there kucuing her to increasingly understand wkkwkwkw wow nice gfak games akirnya many animals also deh BULLSED ADA GEMPAAAAAAAAAAAAAA real LOH YES ride LV money dying dehh independent yes ow yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa nice not finally lv 5 my lucky I suspected WA LR THIS RARE GOOD ow Monkey isisnya DRAGON DRAGON BIRD KALO GAK Phoniex AJA aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa mlzzzzzz zsdfgsgfr zzz yes duck to rabbit dsfs
#SEPARATOR# Face Aib when there is a birthday HBD Josephine moga2 close up though rarely who v GBU Heater v HBD Father Long live lahh Shop Jam Jaya Stay Berjaya Thug Life Ea thuglife father birthday boss s Boom Finally get together again Lama no meet Anjayy time friends quality monday holiday MAGER Silent For Jombs I HOPE THIS 'v May be tried Hmm The Lol's Rabbit How to eat instant noodles but do not want instant intention Qq v Again quiet period tiba2 new babe come v cumawow Learning Database is like learning History already term2nya it loh More cool fun Csgo tiba2 Duarrrr SiBiru out OO Tired of this v RIP Pak Sarjono I do not forget your Father and your message until now GBU Holiday with Project Quiz Tests Final Exam In telolet in lah lah The new learn Algo will know v Gw who tell you speak tep Because you bawel Stevandi Steve What do you think now facebook asking First Bekasi just to meet the leftmost man latepost bekasi Doggy Wow same v Asekkk v P At read Duh is already middle of the night still talking about 4 November keepcalm Accepting Artificial Intelligence o Homina Homina Homina spongebob artificialintelligence binus Our Indonesian Hai from IndoStoryCafe is doing market research about Cafe Konsep Sejarah Indonesia We ask for a moment to fill our kusioner according to each opinion Yes Ampunn sultan laughing v Mending nokia is still lbh battery saving v The temptation Nintendo is Coming 'Aaauuuuu v Really o Khilaf first lahh before UTS v Eaa v Impossible v That's Real Wihh this is sure coding again mwlakukan process if else laugh Finally Make Ngoding Game o So Programmer ajaa laugh Create sharing ajaa Mutually attacking their own cage zzz Abang Adek Winner Slow if ow w Ndut alreadyhh Kodingan eat master laugh Hamster can Drift v Hmm Hard yaa nge gotcha his laugh There is a horsea on the toll Cikupa laughing PokemonGo Ads yes yes Try every sales tablet Tabs have age restrictions on Ba usage This American football combined football is cool Flash is same This is a great new invention Less valak same kuntilanak ini mah Valak and lala galau gara2 dibully orang indonesia v Finally barbie choose a new career laugh Real Pokemon Eat Tampanan Mana laugh warTampvan B i F ng IGusti Bagus Agung Oka Berikunya Replace hp this is the bomat already if long laughing This is the name Chicken Egg Tube laugh
#SEPARATOR# Plan want dual boot same ubuntu tb tb windows missing its real should i go 2 flb hmm what the fuck 1 step closer when god help you getting 5 sorn rip final testing water team for xeno ifrit gif when Mona Glisa life goal Solo p Baha done xd Imma use taiko class and change my name to hibiki laughing i prob will not go outside tomorrow frieza gg i prob should abandon my light and be fire lord i prob gonna regret this anyone know g this error why dhikip thanks tien xd when gbf want You to farm xeno ifrit vice mvp using uncomplete fire grid life goal sad day 1 progress sub accord 0 xd its possible to get 6 chest wut but sadly i got trash xd fate extra ccc collab event is really annoying i dont need gun anymore like Tien really Increased my luck xd my own sub makes me salty what the fuck i dont need you done 2017 XD wtb 10 tiamat anima Xd khilaf occasionally wkwkwk sale account gbf in reddit produce result button search in facebook group already g there why laugh man this is suc K disappointed already another gold moon gg im done with this game gacha gg It seems stephan chen back in action sadly typical indo ahok lose try gacha rainbow gold moon what the fuck p5 artbook scan laugh intention amer ripjakarta house without dp beneran efekif reference im bored laugh 10 more levels holy shit GG is nice persona 5 plot twist mind blown gg nice train huang long train perfect for mage creed farming yusuke is best persona 5 is a dating sim game with some rpg in it xd eng dub good also kwwk also question on P5 PS4share sad truth behind persona 5 what the fuck seriusan says this is Rip my luck finally bs solo dao xd finally on sub accord gg pretty is bs replacing the main accord xd worth it pingin ngetroll raid wear dsaru on 1 april xd the hair is really long xd Even dragon studying oop Steven Pram best part of the movie got all zeta 10 free roll bugs thank you kmr xd gold moon number and why it always dark chara rip me wrong use sendal person so in Tense next me my baha will be mlb i hope wow alexis open branch XD that diributin even armpitny later if picked new malaysia at protest XD XD finally primal summon number baha hl here i come dear g gotten dinaikin XD Therry Prayogo Finally Op sixxx xd last Step hope they giving blue crystal as 3rd anniv present laugh why sub so close thank you free 10 draw i dont need to suptix her anymore xd pacific rim xd Holy rip my gacha luck ggwp rip money dying indomaret grab new money conscious card atm left in pekalongan Home suddenly rain nyebrang slipper slippers off in the middle of the road g had time to take rip sandals event unk stat is so bad fml xd Saeful Ramadhan laugh just need to wait till 22 then good bye cosmo axe okay good bye ifirt must get ding dong girl how many possibilities korut Bakal nuke indo sad rip Collab part 1 Alisa is the freebie SR Wind Luna is gacha SSR Dark Character is this month's 5 SSR Collab main boss is Losari Hell special boss is Bell Angel Latter is Also playable by getting an achievement in Shadowverse Collab part 2 Play Shadowverse and receive Granblue in game items Likewise play Granblue Fantasy and receive coins elixirs and packs in Shadowplayer There is a time limit for this part 180 to go Therry Prayogo Time for getting sarasa why number Erune wrong alter shadowverse collab xd dark rate up not even one dagger when two monsters met ez done laugh lovin the event summon like just relaised i had enough money from cny to spark kinda want to unlock apsara for djeeta smug face holy another one unlocked this literally Caliogstro finally laugh koshka still op if every round like this solo 90 nm laugh dat katalina bonus is very effective when people are lying about phalanx rip saber venus laugh Gill prob hate his father rip luck how they programmed the girl's consciousness in c dao is so generous Laugh nge see this in animasiin so mixed feeling laugh laugh reroll accord can be between 2 this hold like rip i ve Failed you musashi laugh x got the chicken but i dont play earth xd lancelot got xd rip luck 2016 laughs cant even 2 man rose queen laugh ez game Anthony Nguyen
#SEPARATOR# Asdf Hola Lel Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this At LGF 2011 Citraland D Say something about this CHU WHAT if you want to ngeraid know what my dolo like Si herder wokokok apa Bulldog Help Believe in JesusChrist One of my facebook friends challenged all believers to put this on their wall In the Bible it says If you deny me in front of yourpeers I will deny you in front of my Father at the Gates of Heaven This is a simple test If you love God you are not afraid to show it repost thisSee More Let your friends know that you 've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you' ve sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift let your friends know that you've sent a free gift let your friends know that you've sent a free gift let your friends know that you've sent a free gift let your Friends know That you 've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you' ve sent a free gift Let your friends know that you 've sent a free gift 'Ve sent a free gift Let your friends know that you' ve sent a free gift Sent a free gift was the earthquake iya wee gold fish I is not afraid of ghosts number Are you party hard My raid unit and I have just entered the Sunken Ship raid location Let's see Bait check Mechanism check Magic circle check Now where did I put my Scuba tank alibi There is a regular whisky and there is Nessy's Golden Reserve it's distilled magic My raid unit and I have just entered the Sunken Ship raid location Let's see Bait check Mechanism check Magic circle check Now where did I put my Scuba tank I is not Afraid of ghosts number Are you weqs TT
#SEPARATOR# Joshua Santoso Casey Ediana Putra Stephanus Sk H 30 Albert just completed level 5 on Angry Gran Radioactive Runaway Play for free on iOS and Android oh social scientist is what better writers deh ouch english lab ugly already Happy Chinese New Year All woi the kids db 2 Make a book tikom already found a blom if you use cs 5 may not be selfish people tu same all yes just want to win alone if losing the same person who wins The A team really nice karate kid really better watch which again iya woi england opponent amrik who won and who eventually ragnarok graduated Cardinalnya copo eventually ragnarok graduated Cardinalnya copo tomorrow is a freedom 2 day to freedom let matnya Doain I can 100 shy maluin you're already big cry pantesnya you so children tk ci cici I copz the bio material is what the wah i Her jtn pkn ini Wah bsk ulum must be bluest cape mlz have been told to make the ulum no intention to meet ruben onsu at mall plizz my dream yesterday back and become m y dream today hockey really I kwkwkwkwkwk woi mandarin gathering today yeah woi mandarin kerjain not the two tasks are completed to stay 2 more kwkwkwkwkwkwk there was a yes seniors shameless seniors alone talk BACOD what else ade grade class brothers taught me that is not true The rich so CACAD wew today do not work novel gara2 scenario cool Ragnarok I am there again and now can download ds own game follow me dong on twitter albert kocakz aaaaaa when iya I can Rp 10 000 again no consent must be concise bi first new konsen should be USD 10 000 aaaaa also bleak can not consent gara2 Sodara masi baby Ragnarok already far in the smear each bABY less acidic hikz Rp 10 000 aaaaa suffering has been started already want kerjain bi there were four infants grrrrrrrrrr every Saturday came three baby again eh Who ever play ASG if got sick how sweet salty sour sour Ancol I forgot to enter at 7 30 grrrr I even at 6 30 the entry aaa Aa en to play BF from on to MAG is just liatin cici bli bli beha stuff anymore cacad sit sma mima ag exciting even though ag move old friends again in Bandung many strange events so confused me Dragon 3D cool out of profit not to watch hachiko plizz dong so go to bandung or rafting ouch plizz Bin PLKJ mandarin JTN and B Ing complete all no red plizzzzz aaaaaa crazy my grades ugly all do not grade my brother why this MID mANDARIN should HARD why Ngeselin not lerned I Grrrrr GOD GIVE mE MIRACLE aaa CF Laptop CF laptop CF laptop CF laptop laptop when DIBELIIN who yau use LAPTOP cici I can make play CF when LAPTOPnya DESTROY ancol CF really nice so want to play again blajar TIKOM not yes mlz also blajar RELIGION also the cin on last day to freedom hari akhir2 mid enak Dikasi 2 days for day 1 day make relax one more day later sks tae tae tae pkn pk pkn pkn pkn very hard God give me miracle tu my mandarin test aaaa mandarin sadis Her this i am this month its bad month i know something but blom surely that nyakitin my heart i never get rich like this before i was patient enough when i was so patient i lost so angry yesterday mampi what iya no core kok perverted yes diary confused contents AAAA little big soldier pertemanya funny but ultimately earned is not funny but it makes people weep loss not watch percy jackson kwkwwkwkwkw I had fismat heabt once if I had fismat I set paraturannya wkwkkwkwkw ngakank I say pinya fismat wkkwkwkwkwkwkwkkwk LOL great angpao this year more 1M From last year hahahaahaha sleep first yes all have been sleepy this let's eye hold up at 2 o'clock night must sembayang at 12 aghh all write status ah hahahahaah one hour longer must be at 12 o'clock in the evening Novel must every day concise 2 chapters battle why i often help him Appreciate in but he himself did not appreciate my son also leak tetep I appreciate but kok him do not appreciate me yes sissy you I'm not mistaken you salahin say just do not want hostility at Stefanny nastasyah yanetritien and teresa grace pansy you so all salahin to I do not have a brain you earned fool yay could FB on my hp misguided ouch this long homecoming gara2 si the The old banget yay mandarin finish hahahahaha woi anak db 2 kls 7 bahn 20sjarah for ulg bsk material what crazy lightning in my house cool alah resee you are proud of yourself dogs rich pig shameless already know want to play computer dimatiin kompinya dog Amin my english is not red yAY you are babu not me who babu have you say i coward you own pengcut ASBUN do not need so your sister base is not JANTAN LEBAY also senen lot pr males for me stupid not yes yay bsj a pretty good day PR Pkn astray Very hard to find ah not fisikanya somewhat easy but the last number is not careful just should be 0 0015 but I 0 015 unlucky just different zero 1 bad luck no isa les gara2 tutoring finally can english english same teacher Mr Ismet steady owl ink print defects abiz no kluar duty bi how this agh bsk sit with damar again bored me why not dipindahin sial bu surta rese Mantap today skull just a little blew yah Today's school luckily yah today sekilah Finally can nanganin through out bond wkkwwwkwkwkwkw Ooh really nyampe villanya wear bli mochi cake all for friends only wkwkwkwkw agh computer again in sefis can not play facebook from computer Merry Christmas all my cici cock rese i nungguin him Performances natal sister rese it seems like old Grrrrr take away rapot not afraid of the sad but mlz nunggunya already long agh aaaaa want to join LDK osis but should not be osisi agh I like the same again bzt jln2 oh puh religious hard really have mlz blajar again mlz blajar History and bio from print ouch today ilum ah mlz finally finished png task also has made 2 more times the first one is almost finished eh Dead blom lights in save again brash wado not bring the achievement card made for the task again mlz ah rese finally RED JOKER and BLACK ACE finished black ace yesterday redaksi joker today kwkjwkwkwkwk NI MAKE TMEN W DOANK mlz blajar jtn agh not ngafal for OR agi severe Agh confused want bli wii or laptop suggestion dong agh rain tae again on the shuttle rich in kapa seles netes netes enter the car agh ah kangen main geta so geek again this agh know not michael dwitama alias dede likes who happy happy halloween all woi who come To obake delicious can play me is gone 10 000 no longer play dogs tu queue crazy fun was brantem guy wlkwkwkwkwk crazy old bang on the bus blom get to school again in this theater pingin cepet study tour so wake up at 4 at last finally report raport my raport Lost or kebawa who has got me my love bsk dong skull again malez can finally be free even though 1 day agh 5 october day that sucks bad luck gara mid sial Class again free free again in free class well again school lame ah ma hitsugaya ouch crazy stress i gara want mid fitting holiday like this in order blajar luck ah who is jah zodiac i kluar kwkwkwkwkwk wkwkkwkwkwk can not if not god iya lucky ahhhh 6 days Again school males mid word who i support this hp whether this quiz is right wkwkwkwkkwk i dont think so or so nyampe jakarta again in crazy bandung eating at the top of the name of the resto anchor expensive very cute sad ah i same room sodara same child baby sleep luck my ds dipinjem Continue if batrenya out gg believe hard is villanya is good but hot cool again at the peak wkkwkwkwk again this free in class again play the main devil text pkn only 4 minutes at least 10 minutes more would make any invitation must come again lame yah not fit agh ulg Ingris her this cacad males bsk a lot of exciting duties again dirumahc GE again this school lesson english teacher again kluar tae class again play geta masa gemp A make people lose tae cacad already her mat 2 times kok can ya wah muzizat surely this boong ouch dizzy work BI BIES bangety told to mading again have rapot bad value all dimarahin ah capeeeeee already mading blom finished pairs day selkah cacad banget cape lah been to school Shame maluin par
#SEPARATOR# She Back sick who is sleeping Who is this student is VERY SPIRIT learning Chemistry Eka Teguh D'SilverLance Acai Chandra Richie Ryan DjBilly Gautama this movie Infinity Infinity AldiFaiz This is my WeChat QR code Scan it and chat with me Just download WeChat at is our WeChat QR code Scan it and chat with me Just download WeChat at Albertus Alexander Cape not because nambang because shout Albertus Alexander Winston Marco Sofian Winardi Jonathan first school First day of school Tuh KC entrance She Love me Wait 5 seconds because image number Is not Nobody Got Time for That Tuh KC Results from last Friday Denger News Entering the long holiday My school tomorrow Oh god why First Day on the internet kid just the same as readyboost rape from someone Ry Hariman Sugara kyaaaaaaaaaa Wkwkk Hariman Sugara proud of himself cool cuyy Hariman Sugara crazy chef ken LOLOLOLOLOLOL PON Have not started the roof of the field Tennis Udah collapsed LOL meme jackie chan Character of old maids Kalo talk ti Can not stop up in scatter confident if selling a facebook account or just a trap Jackson I just ngucapin Happy 2nd Birthday LivingSocial Indonesia and can chance for winning iPod Nano iPad 3 Cool oath Packing Depart Find Vaastu mu won The new iPad is money laugh Basic crazy people laugh just like playing the tire looks dak powerful times Woohoo Gue managed Check In and add score Want to dapetin Toshiba New Satellite M840 Rp 8 million worth only Rp 1 million Antri just here Dead dog lights annoying message ckckckck Nothing Different skipper Same Just like IDM speednya Stress if there is no pulse is still another world excessively grass alone in zoom can not sleep open facebook laughing Who character would you be in the Avengers Find it out at Indonesian Life Roleplay 0 3e Address 210 247 242 83 7777 Players 25 75 Ping 55 Mode IL RP V3 99 Updated Map ILRP MAP He's The lord Fucking cool Oh My god Me Gusta He's Not A Gay D
#SEPARATOR# Y test Y no alazka miami any so p Good is best Good let go best 21 Duncan Y ngung wakuncarOOO wakuncarOOwakuncar OOOOO ALAYTT Makasih yes all Enjoy the last day of the SSG 69 TH holiday The sniper game of Thailand Type A question right here Enter your text here Fire mode on slow download idm sori instead of direct promotion to TKP on PB Rain wind freezing Practice makes perfect Earthquake is completed also skk Ooo download time Funatastic Two Birds what's on your mind Running in circle Hooam facebook chat less accurate work at the time of bedtime sleep eat computer eat again sleep again denger song do not forget solat Abs fasting month kok lapel solely yeah holiday bored go school males apologize inner born a few hours to victory day jakarta ajib already What's on your mind Exactly short dense Heat bung Bentar again Ajib holiday is true Coming Clean Earth pali Ng nice waiting for breaking fast while drinking the best mixed ice waiting for breaking fast while drinking ice mixed cool up awake sleep facebook chat kok often error O o type my question right here I'd like to make it believe That planet earth turns slowly It's hard to Dear that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep Cuz everything is never as it seems We must be naked and really clean Download bntar again finish dead computer Fate awaits breaking fast on the internet Type a question right here fasting many trials The heaviest compositor of yahoo Msn Google search Engine ane just GOOGLE Little wonders Thinking forward soon fast fasting hhe Waduh ane kira bsk holiday Our lives are made in these small hours these little wonders these twists turns of fate time falls away but these small hours still Gerah uy Merdeka 15 40 Wake up sleep Vulnerable Straight body Yeah is basket time One word Optimist 'The season of flu struck ESMOSI Slow but sure O o Pag I directly denger sister fight Wkwkwk Jakarta hot Yesterday is history tomorrow is mystery but today is a gift Yesterday is history tomorrow is a new day Mbah surip goodbye Tak gendong Ngerjain pr bhs arab O o Glides to jakarta In bandung Capek Reach Buset cri hanger clothes question mark is very difficult because ane also wrong talk say it key ring shape question mark Pantes no O o From First to Last Out of the dark terbitlah debt O o I lop you pul O o Ask why I lop you pul Cool dong light's theme 3 Greetings super Entering a complicated day tomorrow to go to school O o Pengen cepet plng I buueetee he Ojan alhamdulliah Ehb finished bk ehb good luck well yah lost again wah facebook I can send an obscure sentence impatient with transformers 2 more holidays Uuooo unlucky holiday lm bosen joegaa duty lot of dehhh i want to shout ALIIIII Udh not sbr met him no groggy ngapa2in
#SEPARATOR# Owiss eating bottle dusty shard
#SEPARATOR# In putrijaniviani Tesya The results of your temperament analysis is like below You are a serious type towards your friends also very care how the views of people around you So you easily feel sad because of little things and sometimes can be stored long in the heart and can not let it When you are angry often reluctant to hurt people often take other small things that are not concerned to blame others Although you mean good but others do not appreciate your kindness even say you are childless immature Suggestions People have the right to anger not anger does not mean you Good-hearted or a success On the one hand want to hold back on the side one lose control will only make you look cynical Anger is also one way to express yourself Tesya Analyze your financial concept is as follows For people who choose the middle fish stomach including shoppers when earned a salary month They are very popular as big buyers when there is a sale in department stores especially on food and clothes provided they like would not hesitate to spend their money then they are often entangled debt Tesya Results of your logic ability analysis as below you choose Number 4 Car driver In front of number 4 has seen he will stop Moreover the number 4 will be called stopped by the number 1 2 because the number 1 2 looked at him so good alright Congratulations you wrong guess I am lucky to have a friends like you friends Trip to belitung XII IA 3 With B'6 at prom night Prom Night SMA Santo Yosef 2015 Prom night 2015 The story just want to go mkn Ehh hbs mkn even to pantaii Serasa again in private beach Ga no person soalnya Wkakakak Tomorrow UN Pink B'6 Sinmung kadonyaa Luvv youu gaiiss Paraii Swim in Aston Always be friends forever Nal's bday party 25 My cutie niece New hair New hair My cute dogie black vie We can stay fore Ver young Full to the max Wish a miracle tomorrow Fighting GBM When when tired of learning Akyuu funny beudds Fans dephii celalluee her cretin polepell muachhh We call us LTC You're not my FUCKING friend Thanks friends B'7 nd my bestie Dessy Ling kesiah bella Aldo atung Dhanesa Prisilia My cute nephew B'7 crazy club studyhard test tomorrow history mandarin WML Mading mandarin Instaa TesyaFebbyL Study hard for bio Thanks mom Tasks numpukk tepukjidat Nothing to doo Lalalalalalaaa Apparently the world is narrow yahh Sick Welcome XI IPA 2 SOS Shoes o you ' Ve gotta get up and try Tomorrow's last day in sabang 'So sedihh Babii fangin tuu okk Throwing a sponge again da uma kuu Ka think we are home tu what Gak pnya otak mang Ortu brother dcd ngjar kakak e Bangsat mang kakak too Fuck Bye XB I will love Nd miss the moment with you friend Thanks for evrything 'Welcomee XI IPA Biology pasrah B indo original ngarang Ntah what a result tomorrow Hahahahh Let it flow alone First day B english Mtk OR Wish me luck Dwea Goodbye Dwean Good yes there So a good dog We love you Hey loo Behind my dog ??Don can not be so shy sich loo If you want a dog do not buy donk do not stop people Shit Flu melandaa Class party Makann Nge ' Discoo Hahahahh Nothing to do Rainy night D Economy Everything on stress Child XB on crazy oii Org again UTS even ngechat in group Ahahahh Lucuu Biology mandarin high stress I wish I could do the best today Materials Geo bnyak bnerr Bljr just new Blng belajr religion Blm memorized chemistry formula Aduhh High School Saint Joseph Senior High School Happy Brithday Saint Joseph Senior High School 50th Wechat line nd whatsup ID Tesya Cenn Still want tidurr Hoamm Holiday effects Hahahh D 3 Smue goods lost Gatau kmnaaa Ringemm Bntar agc killed aa D aa DD Geo like sosio Ohh noo Chocolate betambun Cmne let ah Kek melarr kuu nee Hahahh Thank's her chocolate friend D Happy chocolate day overcast Males wake up o Gong xi fa chai Happy chi Nese year Yeeyy Capek Smua on stress Hahahh s Galau because physics Biologyi Hahahh Lo think itu lucuu Gag there is the slightest bit lucuu Fuck Be strong D Back to school Last day Miracle D Pasrahh B English Physics Wish some miracle Pray for physics and history tomorow UAS in In front of this Study Hard Rasa muncull againi Hell Ngpe sich ikak ngte ku d'rear Mang what wrong kuu Only gara msalah spele g soi cmnii complic a a Kuu dc ngrtii what ade d'otak ikak too what g always me that slah a Pening kuu Cmne care a clear like ikak Mn ikak g agc cmtuu like kuu Not walking according to plan nyesek Learning sambill in accompanied by KITKAT OO c in the park Lintass alamm Make the d sna HBD yaa D Moga pnjng shat age always nd more suksess GBU Sanyo's expoo
#SEPARATOR# Working not about money but about whether or not it is good to do the job When he does not know people well he will be surprised when the person shows his true self The thing that makes humans develop is the dissatisfaction of something positive example dissatisfied with technology and try to develop it Again with this humans continue to grow more because they want a new one continues Yuli rich child lost wkwkwk a game is when seorg create creations masing2 hahhah Org successful people who can think fore ANDIKA Small cute gedenya cute cool again wkwkwk mudah2an this incident does not happen again yesterday gara2 I am a nightmare it oh yes it's like to play the time Must add the champion from now to win Yp forgiveness today there are many numbers that I do not know my sms Beautiful dreams wkwkwk Oh my hand my hand turns out you do not change still the same as the first hahhah Gw just ordinary people Hahhah my nyesel sweet taste t Mixed with sweet taste lost from bitterness hahhah Hope the past incident does not repeat hahhah May be the best tomorrow win wkwkwk Gk much hope What is happening will happen again hahhah Regret my hardest when I make you angry Klo diinget2 seneng also yh Apes gara2 Yesterday keinget past Just can hope hahaha Gw just realized my movement faster than ever Am I better than the first From the birth of the world to the end of the hereafter open the way he heard the call throw yourself in the destiny and submit yourself to all Gara2 forget in the save until now Not yet maen2 hahhah nothing impossible p Good luck relaxing diranjang while playing wkWkwk Gosh forget in save Yei finally What miribnya Original I was curious Tumben I can stay up wkwkwkwk Ko today I can not sleep yh in Renungi kata2 saya Hahhah This incident will be my experience The most I remember hahhah Gw nyesel why I bi Sa so stupid Ah my shit dumb emank klau alone I can control the time surely all will not happen hahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Sad yh Jdi lazy sorry What if I could change for the better wkwkwkwk There is a monkey with the same elephant WKAKAKAK happy memories hahhah want to change but difficult hahhah Finally ulum finished hahhah Pengen as before but can not hahhah Today would jogging not yh in Ah rese Friday is not a holiday Wkwkwk Gw and yuli My face bleak future wkwkwk Want to cepet2 college wkwkwk Wkwkwkwk Gw is a human being Hahhah buy basketball shoes again i need a hoorish honesty from you hahhah Gw need honesty not lie hahhah Try it I can repeat time hahhah Wkwkwk masa Then oh mop mat wkwkwk my photo is still small p accept fate just deh haha ??klo i can set the time I change now so the date 21 hahhah Mending open facebook wkwkwk Tranquility and loneliness You and I p Buset play game monternya call friends merely so not finished2 if finished can expnya rpa is crazy dikamar rich in kutup north Nyolot wrong not nyolot salah baek salah not baek salah Apasi mwnya wkwkwk Bsk ko not holiday wkwkwk die Rusuh Oops feet not heal2 Wkwkwk turns out I am also useful wkwkwk Njis movie homo wkwkwk Bosen Sial it was already fabricated by 3 people it Ujan stop donk Udh lma do not play dota so want to play again z contrived sttS pke Pp lma deh wkwkwk this person one bt again Gw will be patient hehheh Oon also garbage 6 letters instead of 6 words wkwkwk why my life is rich like this Son smp trinity there who want to go to school Gw so confused there is a say there is a holiday bilng right holiday What enter the day Monday Gila my stay doank who has not wkwkwk want to watch but lazy nyetel tv wkwkwk aduh mau bgn jam 4 even bgn jam 1 Apes2 me Waiting for one piece movie from 2 o'clock it started the hour segini zzz chaotic Gw willing bgn jam segini just for watching wkwkwkwk Jam 3 it turns out there is a cartoon pesky very wwkwkwkw seneng also not possible da who care ma you hahhah Apes2 I play cross fire dikatain ngecheat just gara2 Ngekill merely emank basically I jgo want diapain wkwkwkwk Owe disappointed ma my comp score can only 90 dua2nya xl severe zzz Wew smsnya new to send Gw often fantasies but the hayalan it never materialized even though I have tried hehheh Diajakin but ditinggalin Nina bobo if not bobo in Bite me wkwkwkk Short fat idup lagi wkwkwk Shit I have cape2 to school his teacher not da rese banget Today sparing is tired of losing again apes2 just ber 6 again Si albert again pke body I made it through zzzz Easy to win later Life is emank all wrong yh if Talking wrong do not talk wrong wkwkwk Ccd banget one team that so just my zzz Shit i dikacangin david unlucky dota 5 times Win only 4 kli wkkwkwkw Cacad Senen holiday senengnya hehheh today the exercise for the web kirain exciting twnya bsn Yes Thursday is not so replicate bio kan holiday wkwkwk pengen cepet2 dated 3 wkwkwk Gw confused me not pke package sms but ko pulse i live 108 can still sms Why is it from learning better online wkwkwk Malez learn Space 1 akn to be destroyed space wkwkwk Bio iseng Today I am happy really hehheh Iseng fad idly wkwkwk my dream just one pedicure and I believe my dream akn be real but ko dream it never so The reality Tdi repeat mat ngasal all wkwkwk can rpa kh Ah ko people yh already lma not met me tell me me skinny not rich first fat gajah nge dunk wkwkwk Ko after i know him my job smsan mlu wkwkwk Knp yh da who know no why Start this hri Start bljr serious again deh huh ah 4 today is my shit merely zzz Strange today Seneng intervene pain Bahagianya hehheh Time to stay up Bsk mlz school lgian not Da pljran bsk why Yes ps my pleasure to meet wkwkwk added bonus can be my basketball that was once but deflated the huh wkwkwk Gw cynk really ma he I memank the perfect human and never wrong wkwkwk Yeh senin holiday My legs really sick tired huh must tdur This time zzz CAMPUS BROTHERS HEHHEH Cpe zzz Udh home cool Zzz cold attack me This kli should be 100 I may 93 again if today I am in love choice want hp or basketball I akn choose basketball so I can practice myself so I can compete Ability bejo and berto Gw lose play wkwkwk why big ujannya whether gara2 I often throw away my kh waste because I am so rich if I have to apologize wkwkwk weather angry with me wkwkwk Gw now basketball intentions I have to practice every day MUST wkwkwk Tomorrow exkul I akn tortured his teacher wkwkwk Adu sertes i ngerjaiin physics pr 25 numbers Ah first repeat not 100 even 93 ah no exciting just a little bit Zzz Ah it's my value not 100 gara2 forget a little zzz unlucky there who has not memorized my isa can 100 deh zzz Huh fortunately he is not aware wkwkwk Hahhah my feet calluses all Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzz Zzzz Drowsy tdur but a lot of obstacles huh ouch was tdur now sleepy again huh There is no one who really likes seseorg not from looks and treasure wkwkw Gw feel guilty gara2 was confirm really serious expensive bio wkwwkwkwk not akn I confirm A lifetime if I do not remove it again wwkwkwkw confirm bio expensive really serious oath wkwkwkwwkwkwkkwkwkwkkwkw canfirm bio expensive banget wkwkwk confrim bio mahal Before januari I must already champion basketball wkwlwk mandatory
#SEPARATOR# Limited Edition Interior Exterior Very Detail Price by PM Kloter today is just 45k Details of rubber tires Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om merss Regards Diecaster Apparently audi r8 toh om Enzo Faris Abidzar R Cahyo Adi N but it's also ok hihihi steady FS just deh there 2 pcs mint in box Price by pm iya let familiar Guaranteed cheap merry Initially just want 1 eh meet 4 Take 3 just deh Stay hunt red pepper pillow Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om merss Greetings Diecaster Finish kelar temperature temperature Enzo Faris Abidzar Ferdian Aditya Pratama And decal om Andry Wisnu thank you lho om2 Though not perfect yet satisfy first repaint first decaling Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om merss Regards Diecaster Pulang2 ginian welcome gratian thank you om2 there Gadapet hw pretty lah is this In lus want to take the tire fit pas behind shock Kok ban ny this kayak ngeng grip yak Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om merss Regards Diecaster Lego hw Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om Merss Greetings Diecaster Tan Omers who sell decals bwt detailing hw who iya Hmm Landed smoothly om thank you om Enzo Faris Abidzar for his mas Masan While Mas Batangan is too mainstream Contains Diecast HW wrapped in Chrome Chrome Monggo if anyone want nambahin Kolpri yah Not For Sale Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om merss Greeting Diecaster WANTED Want To Buy In Blister or Loose is printed on each photo Who wants to be released may PM me Good price transport Pictures taken from G gle Thanks Regards Diecaster Fs 17pcs take all rp SOLD Ex fare Send from jakarta 4pcs top right reblister Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om merss Regards Diecaster Welcome to the little family Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om merss Regards Diecaster Hmmm Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om merss Regards Diecaster Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om Merss Regards Diecaster Diecast SOLD OUT Thankyou Tant and Om merss Regards Diecaster Aunt om ers who again auction fnf jada this tolo Ng in the tag in yes Thankyou Sapa know anyone who want to be removed Who want to adoption monggo docked Moris at 35k Lancer at 40k Ex postage from jakarta Banjirrr Want To Want To Buy In Blister or Loose listed on each photo Who has to be released may PM me The price is suitable for transport Image taken from G gle Thanks Greeting Diecaster With H2 garage thank you yes that already ngucapin Owh yeahh Dragon city birthday this new greget thank you all New follow-up FIND THE PRIZE this How to play very easy live temuin only gift there where direct become property We deh Come on follow-up live just click the link below there alfian ah last day ehb help Singapure steady Showroom bentley retreat cape Final tense pin bb ku 2626DE34 Ol at home monkey horee ball soccer ball fire clouds thank you for all my friends GBU You too D phantomm PINATA hiddeni snow bird wow hidenni octo hidenni monkey chicken Audi zero D 1 1 2 hrs on car trasa bored with HP dead jam again costum Phoenix google crome lage heng cape sister wear mozilla again slow think hiddeni fruit laugh ahahahahhaha fsdfsdfsf horayyy Oh Nella 'Tsukiyomi i miss your face your voice why not move to samaria again there are many memories steven robin ahaaa laughing style hideni insects mad fragie thank you buwat Help space rocket me D weww wew kgjls BOTTLE GW BROKEN SIAL hahahaha
#SEPARATOR# Oi 9 i9 O Steady Halo everything First Videos Fabtatoes is so this May be checked yes Fabers Challenge FabTatoes Do not forget subscribe and share Sell tickets SMTOWN INA Interests HOAM Today so not at 10 am Hack The Ghost Mode 'til U Get Banned Lectures can cause Sleepy home night strez and end crazy na Interned me again lag brat so gx can OL CF TT CF again maintenance cape in waiting again jlan2 to peak huh pnaz bnget Harve's pet '' Wolly '' is da bestzZ 4ever 'n ever Ok Harve's Pet is Da best 4ever 'n ever addduuuuhhh die light teruzzz me so mlzzz Again mlz niccchhhh Busssseeetttt Ujan na gede buaaanggeeet g again go to marriage ampe can not plng in open space sicch asssyyikkk just red 1 9 na there are 6 and 100 na atu asssyyikkk just red 1 9 na there are 6 and 100 na atu P'ling malz if dead light huhh in khirnya already ammppe jooggjaa asyikkkk let's go ayo
#SEPARATOR# SHOPDECA MARKET RESEARCH Hello everyone Please help and time friends who have been shopping online to fill out a brief questionnaire below to help finalize my final assignment about E Commerce Shopdeca Thank you very much at HASHCLOTHID IT'S LAST DAY OF 02 PRE ORDER READY STOCK 03 April '17 Details Material Soft Cotton 30s Color Colorful Size S XL NORMAL Price Rp 80 000 pcs When I got the motivation to learn and to improve myself I am not confident enough but I am eager to try Correct me if I am wrong Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot Com moonspoetry And the light that you left it helps me moonspoetry moonspoetry Disney feels Tinker bell wohoooooo HAPPENING NOW It was WorldPoetryDay yesterday so today I like to share my first ever and my favorite poetry which was written three years ago Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry minioo Oon Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry Today last year happywhiteay Happy white day Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry Help me to fill this questionnaire about Indonesian E Commerce for my final project God Bless Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com Moonspoetry H 4 Happy IntenationalWomensDay Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry I can not The world seems to belong to the sixth Happy sunday Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry Ig in hashclothid Line Mr President samyangchallenge again at two o'clock in the morning with full equipment full video is on Youtube know i need u but i want to stay with you until we're gray and old visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry Peace visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry goals Cause what if I never loveeeee again visit And read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry Happy Valentine's Day visit and read more m Oons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry and YOU You leave me breathless you're everything good in my life repost visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry H 1 year CNY can not wait CAN NOT WAIT It's as if my heart knows you are the missing piece Repost visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry International Marketing 2017 moonspoetry moonspoetry Oh these times are hard they Are making us crazy do not give up on me baby repost visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry Things to do when you are already 'lengser' It's gotta be youuu uu uuu Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry It is been A while since I have so much fun like today Let me go home Oh I miss you you know Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com web version might be better moonspoetry Joel Adams Visit and read more Read more moons poetry blogspot com web version may be better moonspoetry Pekanbaru Every part of my life that is fated to cross the same path with you I hope you will learn more I will continue to watch them anyway Happy holiday Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com web version may be better moonspoetry Is it me or her that you see through my eyes Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com web version might be better moonspoetry Tell me How to get this job The most intense drama I've ever watched so far Following on satori planner on instagram Pekanbaru and Jakarta based wedding planner Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com web site might be better moonspoetry Just updated my blogspot Visit and read more Moons poetry blogspot com web version may be better moonspoetry I always wish that it was all enough Because you are eternally enough for me Moon Poetry see y Our true colors Siblings throwback I could never thank 2016 enough for shaping me into a better person who is the number more feeling so terrified about opening the door to the world I have been keeping my own world to myself Well I like to observe people I feel what Others feel I absorb surrounding people 's emotions but I never told them I did not socialize a lot of friends This year I learn a lot I learn to express my feelings instead of bottling them up I'm happy I'm so happy that I love my friends Started to listen to listen to my stories laughed smiled cared It feels so amazing Well I did not love it it was all easy through the whole year What I mean is this year I really synchronize the black and the white melody of this Life And that is all thanks to people who do not give up on me number matter how difficult I am to deal with Thank you everyone HAPPY NEW YEAR Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry Japanese at its best 2 07 and up A day a Tommy Tandera LOL look at someone's phone and be like so bright you could die or laptop 2017 is coming soon and well I have been writing since 2009 Wow I still can not believe that I've made it this much I used to write fiction stories instead of poetry like I do now There is a lot of supportive readers and comments ups and downs and still I have a lot of fun at that Time It's Still One More Chance 2010 Chance 2010 short story about someone feel regret I will found that right place Wish everyone a blissful new year Visit and read more moons poetry blogspot com moonspoetry And maybe just maybe it is all enough So before we Move on to 2017 I would like to clarify something My initial moon is not what you think it is It's not a moon that shines in the night sky It's a childish story but ok back then when I was 14 I liked Korea so much and Just like the other fans I got a korean name It appears to be Moonri I have started to write and then I used the first name of my korean name as my initial Moon So yeah that is all I am not getting emotional or Sentimental when it is full moon or else I am not getting the inspiration by watching the moon up there No I am not LOL Inspiration to come from anywhere and also the number it is not based on the true story of mine laugh okay thank you for reading Visit And read more moons poet Ry blogspot com moonspoetry You deserve to be loved repost It is almost the end of the year and people need to believe how blessed they are to watch the world spinning until today
#SEPARATOR# WTB shaman new so in PS or Gold gear ijo no what what is important lvl 80 the intention WM dalem my nick game Ducbeuregard amp horde WTB shaman new so in PS or gold gear ijo no what what is important lvl 80 wm the intention of Anjer neh IDGS Get sunami or what the WoW gloomy play amad lag her play main yah you njng speedy anjeng cacaddddddddddd bankrupt just you 'Last world when i leave singapore' 'mencretttttt ENE NEW PALLY RETRIBUTION NAME WTS char pally horde lvl 80 eq complete already ashen verdict reputation Interest post me WoW AMPM This is preposterous Am I to assault the undead with nothing but sticks and harsh language Kael'thas Log in server down LOL FOR THE HORDEEEEE Ricky 2 new years new dog money issue in burn study from mistake how ever I still love Indonesia dog stupid word GANYANG GANYANG GALYANG MALAYSIA GANYANG MALAYSHIT NOW ALSO All under control gloomy Indonesia WHO WANTS IN TAG TAG IN OWN THAT IS GK MAU IN TAG PLEASE IN REMOVE Bahlul Just my joint Ri doank who enter the school Bangs TTTTT who cut hair taek Stresssssssssss Hey Baby fun as gene ae every day bahlul alma mater missed in ancol One Last Drink Please anjrot computer has a lot of virus a terpacasa disk cleaner child X infinite if no teacher surem a I need a Hitman for a special job I need pro Executor now anjrot package wrong address a Your silence is slowly killing me see the great testimony yoo yes god pray my second orantua me so that they survived to the purpose in running the pilgrimage and lancarkan is the process of their pilgrimage and give ease In the pilgrimage and make both my parents a pilgrim yag mabrur amin hufh fate HP lost a maid neh who took from his grief caught the surem helper kampret taek gene neh speedy slow Sunday thinking crazy play PB pink cmn 2 surem school that does not need important clever Pinter make money Pride Is a Weapon Adolf Hitler WORK IT OUT aaaaaaaaaaaaaa play the L4D 2 main expert Her in the 3rd gloomy kunti I SWEAR BY GOD THIS SACRED OATH THAT I SHALL RENDER UNCONDITIONAL OBEDIENCE TO Adolf Hitler F hrer OF THE GERMAN REICH AND PEOPLE SUPREME COMPANY OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THAT I SHALL AT ALL TIMES BE READY AS A BRAVE SOLDIER TO GIVE MY LIFE FOR THIS OUTH PROMISE NAZI SOLDIER pretty dreary ms crystal Can anybody provide me with a decent challenge SWT Alaysia looking for gara just look for gara i call nazi from moon bwt nge nuke you hohohohoh Important taek likes plin plan if confused is what is received GAN DATE 27 AUGUST BEEN BECAUSE THERE ARE 2 MONTHS NOT THE 2 MONTHS THAT IS 2 GANS BUT THE ONLY IS THE PLANET MARS WHILE WHEN PLANET MARS REACH OF DISTANCE 34 65 million miles of earth Do not forget to see yes skipper On the 27th of August at 12 30 am IST Hope in Indonesia to appear Skipper owl plin plan already hadoh so can not wait for 2011 want to watch Iron Sky so fun alamater so 3 weeks will be more handsome i make alamater najesss film the Last Airbender THE BLOM ugly JGN PLEASE WATCH IN THE DAY BULE OH MY GOD WATCH THE MORE ORRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAANGGGGGGGGGGG GIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA hohohoho Wasem snorkling because my skin was so dark gloomy Friday going diving again where I was less able to swim in the sea Drowned already bruakakakakaka Weleh Gw Japanese Language Learning laugh Tarohan acid again equal Kevin Germany will repeat his victory in his own country World Cup 2014 will be held at Bayern Munich Derrrr panzerrrr team will repeat his victory at Bayern Munich awkakwkwa mantabb gann Germany will be World Cup Champion 2010 J CHAR 56 tacky AAAAAAAAAAURAMLATOZZZZZ CHAR NYANGKUTTT ea BELS AMA CORA ALLY KGK REDHO GW ALLY AMA NATIONS CEBOL SWT SHOULD HAVE A GENERANT ATTACK THAT IS ACC MAINLY HIS STRUCTER IS IS HAVEL ISRAEL AT HIS PLACE ASEK BELS AMA ACC BRAND ALLY AKWKA IN ELAN DAH KYK AKA DOG CATCH akwakwka WEEEE DUPE TEMBUS Ich bin Single Ich Freue mich sehr YESS AKHIRNY A THERE RAZIA MAMPUS KAU CHEATER CORA WILL RAIN AGAIN IN LYRA Dieses Gef hl begann wieder zu kommen SELL CHAR PB POINT BLANK DEVICE DIAMOND 2 KUTIP 2 KD 64 HS 29 TITLE COMPLETE COMPLETE FULL POINT HUB 081386973980 THX How Lucky Lord If His People Can not Think Mein Kampf huh a tiring day If within a person there is still a sense of shame and fear to do a kind of good guarantees for that person is not going to meet him with a single step of progress Justin Bieber One time Male and female are as two wings a bird If Two wings equally strong then fly the bird up to the top of a height if it broke one of the two wings it can not fly the bird at all Bung Karno defect you dika make scroll kan you I kalahin you cmn make 3 skli doank BELIEVE OR NOT WORLD WAR III WILL HAPPEN IN 2010 YEARS Kahitna will not be replaced german version MAJOR ME MY SMUA FRIENDS IF THERE ARE PLEASED IN MAJOR OF THE HUMAN MAKLUM IT IS NOT FORGETED FROM SIN AND ALSO DOA'IN I UNDER VALUE UN I GOOD IF THERE ARE LESS PLEASE PLEASE TO INFRING ME WASSALAM WAS WE WR WB Many people think Adolf Hitler Menniggal in bunker yes there is In berlin but at the time of investigation bawha body found Russian soldiers are bodies Women under 40 years Many historical observers say that Hitler went to Brazil Argentina South America and surprisingly there are those who think he lives in Indonesia wah angel net is open again in Change his name the same Imanuel net hhe main teruz nig Ein guter Freund ist ein treuer Freund wenn er wei wie ich mich f hle KEEP YOUR PROMISSE BECAUSE YOUR MOUTH IS YOUR TIGER go home rain rainfall deh on the road together Yudha Ardiana ride OJEK HOLIK kwokwowkokw WET all Kwokwwo crazy in my live have a two choice sad or happy and i choice happy sad banget this afternoon i was in throw the same bottle same book seseor Ang in my class huhuhu just for trivial things kwokwowk Wedding pla follow-up I believe IN you every day it feels no rain snow LAgu saHabAt From Chagcut ouch no work at my house Happy New Year 2010 I'm sorry if there is any wrong then of that sata Say minal aidzin walfaidzin apologize born and inner Merry Christmass and Happy new year long holiday has arrived let's fill in with meaningful things kwokwokowkkw ea ea ea ea ea ea ea ea ea 1 day before division of ea ea ea ea report Paloma Faith Technicolour Should the Nazis have to There is another to wipe out the Jews LAKNAT In the event the Nazis have massacred 6 million Jews In the hands of Adolf Hitler I m Alone Please Accompany me Tq For my all friend Say meeee Happy B'Day two days to grown up Lee So Jung One Rf Theme Song Waduh UN In advance to the month of March zzzz number coment in my mind Stay united Indonesian Youth for jowo people may know the meaning of LOVE Selamat Hari Idul Fi Tri for those who run it apologize born and inner Slamat Hari idul fitri apologize born and inner Finally Holiday Has Arrived I m Coming Vacation Haus Mendera in the day As this throat is dry It seems no sooner Open fasting hhe 30 DAYS Lebaran HOREEEEEEEEEE 2 Days Again before Fasting Dpo For Who Finds Tel 991 ok Ready for Fasting
#SEPARATOR# Instagram triladias xxx follow mention for fllwingback heart my page I will heart you back iya all follow 3 ask and ask FOLLOW who want difollow comment jfb iya follow iya thank you D Farida Taskia Fira laugh see video tia ketawa haha ??D trias iasdi hotmail com add iya Thank you 3 follow friends thankkkyou badly applies cheat it then so do i will be good value Alia Nabila there is not any perfect people so we must know we are not perfect in the eyes of god D bored when I make one looks at looklet There are people who like mine but not long afterwards she's copying my style all the same but only just a different model i want her peace iyaaaaaa i am aware ko but if the problem must be because karma first you often ninggalin me so not because we grudge cumaaaaa It's karma yahh please understand D p jin kazama jon foo D jahahaha 3 Veda Ocvira Maharani Hunnie Anggraeny Arina Tiara Adriana in fact crying is just a useless thing because the wo Rld only briefly why waste time just to cry for a thing better work and worship is more important for the future ngalangin just siiihhh hmm never diceritain what what should i know p who try that for this dibicarain I just do not know if lazy yasudah P cooking cooking with Veda Ocvira Maharani Tiara Adriana hihi although rada destroyed initially but good to make nambah hihhihi dear sister Hunnie Anggraeny Arina not follow hhihihihihi D trias please heart this D yaaa D follow yaaa D Veda Ocvira Maharani hope you like edite an yaaaa value Change attitude change but do not turn into bad 3 god hayo hayo hayooo learn to open open book that class 4 againii yoo SPIRIT YA lalala there website can not bored kan jadinye for Alissa Nur Ahdia wall to wall just yaaa chatnya error Alissa Nur Ahdia Errors only Learn more for TO day he bosen at home yesterday twitter LIMIT online twitter with Anggun Wikanissa Alissa Nur Ahdia Nabil A Zalica online at school LEMOTY p Likes deh same pp gueee Hihi twitter LIMIT gawaaaaatt out PM bawaanya ngantuukkkk o huaaammm si Alia Nabila why try to arrive suddenly so think ehhhh the sleeping abong is funny abiss GEMESS twitter limit Alissa Nur Ahdia chatnya on off really true Not asikk speaking English in school with Alissa Nur Ahdia and Anggun Wikanissa hmm took the rapot ahhh ahhh Dwike Hereka February very strange ckckckck doing the task of IPS huffttt hmmm ipa task must be moved to new computer in print hmmm tired back and forth Nabila Zalica Alissa Nur Ahdia Anggun Wikanissa Again on the househik asikk Udah nyampe in jakartaaa Otw ciwalk bandung Maccet Otw bandung asikkk out playing bultang in GOR back sprain AAAWWW away sleeping morning iya dadahhh chat thinning part II friend who want to chat no need to chat first yes errors so wtw just hmm on there is a Want to chat with me hahaahaha twitter why there should be a limit us so can not write a lot of tweet S wishes in the new year the best in next year my twitter limit GAWAT bored at home yaa internet lemottt midnight watch avatar back home stay at home bi Ina Farlina asssiikkk laaahhh for Anggun Wikanissa happy birthday yaaaa hopefully its age berkahhh yaaaa aminnnn out of ps watch avatar with Alia Nabila Veda Ocvira Maharani Alia Nabila Veda Ocvira Maharani so sebananya want kemanaaa Ears gueeeee sakkkiiitttttt Sumpahhh really painful 'autism berisis autia with Alia Nabila Veda Ocvira Maharani finally can also fotoaaaaa p want to cepet cepet les same Alia 20Nabila Veda Ocvira Maharani ahh want to play but may Not yahhh who has skype comment yaahh Alissa Nur Ahdia Nabila Zalica crepes me so not enakkkk hahahhaa yahhh new photo once same Tiara Adriana Alia Nabila I can not play so on pulanngg later if it is finished our reply photo photo yahh aduuhhh teraktir chicken noodle dong Alia Nabila or Tiara Adriana today again proudly on at Ri own my photo photo nihh nihh nice deh lights have flame but lights flame bell cosk aduuuhhh noisy nihh belnya sound teruuss hhhhhhhhhhh dead lights so did not look looking i was looking at home there was not the snobs pas down it was out there luckily pager closed safely Photo photo with Alia Nabila and Azkal asikk asungk lucky mang Budi Hermawan so busy this deh bored home at home Alia Nabila Veda Ocvira Maharani Tiara Adriana play ayo D ayo ayoo again in sumedang hueee really nice atmosphere want pengebun first ahhh D Yesterday's birthday mom Love sureprise dehh Hheehhee yesterday Monday ngerayain birthday Alia Nabila we ngerayain together Tiara Adriana Veda Ocvira Maharani same mardyah berhu deh fit us out eat me the same veda home fitted back home behind alianya bring pudding hueee seneng yesterday mid night watch ninja assassin really cool Huaaa want to watch more Love Logo from my friends today at home crowded Asikk asikk D yippieeyy tomorrow we pray idul adha yeeehh but ko no one takbir takbir yak again video call Dita Panjul but his voice ccacatt Dita Panjul you ko off dehh want skype but you do not nge answerr huaaa anyone knows how to make skype comment Yahh send photos via bluetooth to laptop ko can not bea sending filed teus nihh ah ahh uploud photo ahh but lemottnyaaa iya allah hhh
#SEPARATOR# Want to be cuddled and cherished by everyone because Afif likes everyone I can not wait to watch this anime
#SEPARATOR# That moment when you meet your first fan very grateful to be alive i've live for today and you should do it too
#SEPARATOR# OMG OMG 3 3 bugil ah h ninja tuna Join RaidCall today and have some fun with your friends doing group activities that go beyond from just simple chats this Includes playing games singing karaoke and much more Download Links www raidcall com Calvin Fernandes Denny Adinugroho Adrian Setyoyudo Adrian Setyoyudo Denny Adinugroho Calvin Fernandes is not genuine z check wut sister hell seoul if want to eat tempe not usa responsibility wah wih Dafuq is a PUK code itisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitis itisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisitisiti I homo Microsoft Word Write letterz and shit yo 'Mobile Uploads thanks for the wishes perfect record time kenceng lolololol affection never part 2 oq never pity never part 2 I f aqi G4G m4 aql gs sm e gs UPL 2947l7207l0l7433l22l20l0l7l7l0l233l1844l2 9 2l13l0 Naek motor True hi fren mau b kep First FPS game on Facebook i love same See more nor this open epbe at mac hotel in See more at See More counter strike my handsome fetgh pijio pijio er rty rty ghghg ghghg ghghg ghghg ghghg ghghg ghghg ghgh ghhhhhh Kgkjn kgkjn ukgk hbjhjnjknkhkj trbank hesoyam Older Posts Problem if you have a restaurant rich hanamasa mnding sdiain live chickens own fried bacok Myself again nge drug panadol A bitch as a wife is an epic fail moreover the bitch does not work and only be able to waste money Ironic every ladies crazy when her daddy's not trying to type in google rainbow google co id continue click im feeling lucky Not trap calm just settle friendly what is english horned iya mercy asd asd asd i want chicken Enrico style devin Enrico style pak yu mahoan same pak mi titig today on writing setatus bed dei thanks for all the wishes SM SH seven homo as seven Homo bsok facebook close not today conference table binatankny discuss pretty weird Tower blocks beuh viktri Random with happy to spend 6 bowl of rice hainam Uuuuu steady Mobile Uploads Ea ea NB DT I was forced DT Wihi rings waduh random points see already name karakterny bai bai friend si Black fly Ugh APAAN happy new year all Bite bites Made with www TotalGraffiti com anyone know sbenerny enr likes who is not Made with www TotalGraffiti com join my p Ack on dogwars my pack on dogwars my pack on dogwars Sirs and Madams I am an up and coming Racer of Pets and I need your help Please help by joining my team I am cute I won dim Someone beat you in tennis match on Tennis Mania Return the Loss to Him play a match now Someone beat you in tennis match on Tennis Mania Return the loss to Him play a match now is playing Tennis with friends is playing Tennis with friends
#SEPARATOR# For IT student semicolon only exists at the end of the line of code Elmo Tan Mas is straying away bgtz Flazz card falls in mall 3 years ago just found now Good luck always bu God bless team bin binasian2017 in Binus Kijang Spirit of excerpt Quote in video please in viralkan So there is a help because the length of the former candle Bosen ahok merely collect money to move to the most tolerant city if there is Elmo Tan Elmo Tan mauuuu Elmo Tan you really Elmo Tan vanilla Yaudah if it is nyusahin other times just go alone gausah ngajak So So remember the story Andi Muqsith Ashari who laughs at 12 o'clock in the evening If this is the case if you want to vote to participate in citizenship education from the government and have npwp what might be more objective results Learn from pilkada who just finished many who act without thinking Why is the above should have a npwp because the project Local governments use apbd whose source of funding from p Invite So that not suitable paslon udel make promises and the community can have a sense of ownership for the region where he lived Ibaratnya I pay to stay here work here and I want my place can continue to be developed correctly If tiba2 there beggars come and then casually without thinking and even ask Money or downgrading developments now should not be dong Another example of the director's meeting can only be attended by shareholders Of course they will choose the best to advance his company ordinary employees can not impose must be his choice to be a director But believe me the leader is selected definitely to advance the company so that All employees can still enjoy the results random deletesoon Pilkada is already finished but the brain suddenly unthinkable Later deleted simpen first who knows need later maybe not yet jakarta same level of the capital of other countries back to basic preach results from google quickdraw Shinvanni Theodore My Happy Life Happy 9th Thank you for the treat Bluejack 17 1 Thank you for the treat Bluejack 17 1 Elmo Tan come here D mamam that karma hence do not be subjective in choosing to be hit zonk deh D Udah a year just pesen go pet for pick up ex Elmo Tan learn this Bullet journal or watercolor Both of them cost time and money Any suggestion Shinvanni Theodore Elmo Tan Shinvanni Theodore Pengennn But today is the last and if the meal itself can not be exhausted eargasm kuroko basuki no one wants to give free corgi but I its no place A The right is the database or database 3 3 Elmo Tan you nid dis Friendship is not about who you ve Known the longest It's about who goes into your life I'm here for you and prove it Officially 21 Left to right in alamsyah24 on stefanuscandra on shinvanni theodore at elmotan95 in noelimani at andi Mqa Missing di yenyenagustina by in fransisco antoni Suddenly keinget collection of five books sekawan same trio detective is not complete yet it is better to go back to basic Shinvanni TheodoreAndi Muqsith AshariStefanus Chrismanata CandraNoel ImaniYen Yen Agustina Cool bad Udah kind of storyboard apple Congraduation Shinvanni Theodore S Kom Elmo Tan Shinvanni Theodore Mochammad Alamsyah So i was jokingly said to them do not buy me bucket flower bawain me bucket fried chicken just aaaand THEY DO GIVE ME A BUCKET OF CHICKEN THIS IS WHY I LOOOOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH at shinvanni theodore at yenyenagustina in andi mqa in Alamsyah24 in noelimani Thank God for Your grace and Your unending love in our lives Thank you for Mr Sonya Rapinta Manalu as a good lecturer and very patient during our thesis work Thank you for the parents who have full support of funds and attention for 3 5 years of college Thank you also for friends Friends all who support us in the busy period of stress thundering thesis Thank you also for the lecturers and all the parties involved in the making of our thesis Thank you partner in thesis Elmo Tan Congraduation Anthony Tantra S Kom pengen s2 but expensive if not an ice cream scholarship deh if So Elmo Tan No matter your action you still gonna die Cool can also be masking wearing this big company name deceit is too good or his company ah i do not waste alias Elmo Tan let me sustenance more friendsday uwoow Mending pay more for the ride garuda hadeh Families are like branches On the tree we grow to different directions from our Yek's Family Hometown Comfort food for the road away This dorayaki is soft and tasty and its contents are not stingy suited for snacking on the journey especially the highway of Sumatra is hard to find its food Variants also taste many So definitely not boredin Current fave Choco Ovamaltine Chocolate Almond Make a child Pekanbaru who want to kepp pig him in celinedorayaki Can deliv out of town also lohh celinedorayaki pkulaper pkusedap pkumeurah kulinerpku pkulezat makanpekanbaru kulinerpekanbaru endorsement Binus square Elmo Tan Shinvanni Theodore Andi Muqsith Ashari Who likes ngespoiler not have common sense what yes Elmo TanFelix Rukanda If anyone wants to buy Course udemy can chat to me yes while already want to exhaust this sale coursenya 10 150k 20 290k If buy more and more can be cheaper Thank you Happy new year Finally we could spend new year eve together FOR THE FIRST TIME Thanks for always being by my side May The new year be a healthy success and prosperos year for us Besties Ew Just a random thought once there is a suggestion on my YouTube page to contribute on my subscribed channel I have not found that button anymore It was my first Time to do a captioning and it's awesome and embarrassing too w especially when you rewind the video over and over again t O make sure that nobody find it weird oo and doing captioning work could help me understand another language too RIP Francis It's been a long time ago not to walk with besties by at elmotan95 Juventia A yearinreview2016 this Udah there google maps or waze alesan you late gara2 jams it invalid banget siblings The man should promise what time can be predicted how the time it is you who can not appreciate other people well yah Win the last important letters pose first Velinda Dwi Puspa Again in the street terbgiang this paragraph God Bless ngungsi Old well yes yes wkwkwm Old well yes wkwkwm Happy Legal age Shinvanni Theodore Hopefully smoothly skrips yaaa Lopelope you so muchhhh Make memories while we can bestfriend birthday Happy birthday daddyyyy 3 years and counting 3 years and counting Happy Mid Autumn Festival Delivery from Indomie house that will not be there in Jakarta taste soto medan Good good Time highschool bestfriends hangout long courtship does not necessarily guarantee the quality of the relationship An laugh From the middle of the night to death lights People who do not know can only ridicule People in power can only demand Wise people just give advice People who experience can only try At least before criticize other people try to position yourself to be that person first The worse still big Udah still Jatoh hmm Street stuck yes natural everyone is easy emotion The problem is how do we ourselves refrain so as not to ignite the emotions of others also Although other drivers are wrong because it makes jams but it is dikkakson enough we will be more wrong if we come out kata2 rough Naturally If dibogem
#SEPARATOR# Start playing Rule The Kingdom on Android BI this Sariater swimming pool New plang futsal cape lngsung gnti shirt eh ngliat facebook ada yang ngasi happy bday thnx all who already ngucapin hppy bday finally i open facebook after 3 MONTH not open THNX ALL GOT the JOKES UNREG Aldk BANTUIN in order to be more tolerable after 1 week can be 100 dollars more deh Cape dahhhh Period Kleas w wih hell But yes mngkin hell just because lwan same class 2 but shy crazy Team class w lost 5 3 crazy it class 2 maennya srius Really si is still a score of 3 but it cma gara kick off 2 x equal goals usual Si andi nendang even hand ccd loh in Cascada Everytime we touch Akon Beautiful Stop Aldk Info from kaskuser You must know the power balance bracelet that is currently rampant maraknya sold not It turns out as I have assumed the bracelet is just an ordinary bracelet many people believe when hearing or seeing The power balance bracelet with a magnetic hologram that berkung Si to make your body more strongly and flexibel is just a lie check here Boyz Tokyo Drift Akon Right Now Na Na Na Lemon Demon Ultimate Showdown Black Eyed Peas Where Is The Love Cold With My Mind Cage The Elephant Free Love Shane Harper Dance With Me Mika Everybody's Gonna Love Today Evanesence Bring Me To life Eminem feat Rihanna I Love The Way You Lie Sean Kingston beautiful girl LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO TOWER UD PNUH TPI TETEP AJ LOST OL D CYBER BOSEN NIH CONNECTION LEMOTTTT BGT HHikz is the latest for all temen2x SBM ANY STRANGERS WELCOME who IS seriously MAE games2x in any FB please see note w have a WRITE HOW DUET VIRTUAL DUED Blah blah blah blah blah I de ck know the link because this way actually FOUND BY INDONESIAN PEOPLE AUTHENTLY w woh until this year until this month until This week until today until this hour till this minute till this moment also BLOM KNOW IS GOOD BY THE PARTY KETI GA GOVERNMENT AND OTHERWISE PARTY PROVIDERS WEBSITE paying party MONEY VIRTUAL THAT EVEN THE PARTY MANAGEMENT OF THE PROVIDER OF THE WEBSITE IS PLEASE CLICK KLO GK MO GPP GK AD VIRUS TROJAN KOK SWEAR TO get money VIRTUAL ALIAS DUIT boongan HOAX FOR KASKUSERZZ CREATE What are you doing AJ OK FOR WHICH READ STATUS GK JLAS DRI GW NEW PLEASE PLEASE NOTE GW RADA LONG LATER KYNYA LATU AFTER LU COPY AND PASTE LINK YG AD GUARANTEED FREE CLOPS FAKE LU BOLEH NGAPAIN AJ DEH SUMPAH AABIEEZZZ MANTAB Ok this way can be free money for you all if you want to buy a kind of currency Game cash Token for NS Playfish cash for game playfish like Pet society and others but I again try this way kira2x I love news slanjutnya 5 mnit again this serious not kidding me I just nemuin this way from the internet if you want to see lgsung 10 Just look at my note On at school diem2x hiihihihihii lucky not to cower teacher IS STILL ON UP TO THE NIGHT ZZZZZZ osi you si si anda osi ka Mu si Anda is and and sq ui hahahahahahaha Who isa read the top bag without melengin great kpala read read grab the head base heng hhhmmmmm idiot deh wkwkwkwk AAAAAA kok my app kluar itself is not the right why of the quote from one of my notes every continent start end with the Same letter in english every bnua begins ending with the same letters in bhasa english stlah hmpir not update2X slama a month finally on too yeah i am real hacked person ip addressnya from US najies my facebook is not there ap2x is listening to Free Loveby Cage The Elephant it's pretty Good is getting bored zzzzzz VV oh so bad this kyknya there nge hack facebook my friend if there is a komen talk yang aneh2x please JGN DILADENIN because akhir2x this facebook i kluar own application so Aldrian you and s ye ye u you o x2 and sip You and your sister 4 s' iqi you sn q snq buset just look at the news 4 schoolgirls SMAN dkeluarkan from school cma gar A2x commented on the security skulnya ck ck ck ck FREE 520 FACEBOOK CREDITS FOR LIMITED TIME ONLY HURRY UP 520 FACEBOOK CREDITS FOR LIMITED TIME ONLY HURRY UP all who have been happy b'day especially family friends BBU all 1 again smoga ci2x ko2x same mami Susy hapy2x Dsana yah titip greetings to call what why while uncle first uncle Ron message smoga all living creatures spirits happy happiness slalu stay in peace hikz kok kasi slamat b'day cma 5 people trmasuk family with school friends iya laen on again busy being anything Hikz manga already kgk bsa again forced to spend time in FB TT News for those of you who read online manga especially manga bleach naruto one piece and other famous old kayak kungfu boy is not going to be able to read manga again because now all manga already exist patent Kgk as before after the survey of 127 websites there is no ONE that allows reading the famous manga and no thanks Let Your friends know that you 've sent a free gift Guys visit my notes dong COMMENT please yeah finally go junior high school also bolt has new son comparison 10 3 sadis very yes yes WOOII once again who do not know tomorrow msuk to school no MOS if not come sukurin not Know guru2xSMP same class for the blom know Thursday 8 7 2010 all those who enter SMP1 will hold MOS at school please come because there will be introduction of teacher introduction of OSIS and introduction of MOS itself please disseminate oiii brother cc2x SMP want to ask dong MOS wear sragam what hold us friend Me if his MOS MOS is Monday monday wedd stay in skull right yah brother cc2x junior please comment PLIssT T Guys who play ninja saga dbawah lv 20 pliss ride lvnya dong stress is not isa passing chunin exam grab the same raport ijazah hri this ktemu temen2x SD Last klinya ampe SMP lumayanlah gobs kompu finally SMP also bored in SD continue ampe 6 years more Let your friends know that you've sent a free gi Ft already lma does not update this status is busy siapin UAN was not so tense UAN kayak other people say pls helpin this bankrupt See that doll over my pet It's not somekind of Cheat 28 03 2010 is sometimes boring yah hahh WOI SMUANYA GW HAVE WEBSITE BGUS NIH www Omongkosong com djamin laugh deh if it is nge LIAT Note may take 2 5 minutes ampe you finished Note2 if you want saya saranin open in the browser laen nyesel if not Note3 better do not click on mouse but hold key enter ke ke tablet loh but hati2x do not ampe skip Note4 do not panic so see your browser kayak get the virus is indeed part of the show Jgn immediately close your browser or later you are LOSS Who created this Web site is my friend His name Victor Wong masi school aka class VI Data maker Age 11 years Employment of elementary school children VI different class he A I B Value Mat almost smua cepe alias one hundred Note woi Victor you do not my mistake yes yes 25 03 2010 bosen this Buat 'T bother me and um well nothing happy Lunar day Gong Xi Fa Cai i ix uo poq 2 iis now playing o you in pi iu you p you s and dn and the number is s on
#SEPARATOR# Thanks all Sorry new open FB GBU all v FOR ALL Thanks iya SPECIAL NITA Thanks the other bgs2 vit 1 in even cat but no what what thank you hahahha do not know now What is on your mind What's on your mind what are you character in harry potter My Result HARRY POTTER where are you lottery prize who found a bag belonging to vito will get in exchange a piece of bread and a plate of cwi mi gilaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa if energetic why that stupid far at me wow fear means I JHT so why play yuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkk why ampuuuuuuuuuuun why so squirrels wow because akhirny me Find the right combination in it turns out we pny similarity
#SEPARATOR# Charity Penalty Unity in Diversity December 17, 2016 at Binus Kampus Anggrek All proceeds from the sale of this pension ticket are donated to Yayasan Anyo Indonesia which is a foundation that helps children with cancer or other diseases such as leaking heart Rumah Anyo serves as a temporary residence for children with cancer And can bring the patient to the hospital for further treatment Yayasan Anyo established in 2012 with the name derived from the name of the deceased Andrew Maruli David Manullang son of founder YAI Tag instagram in structuraltfi at pensiamal2016 Check out Shifter Interactive Graphic Novel in the app store starring Wil Wheaton I'm hooked learning Programming on my iPhone Join me and get Mimo at getmimo com download Unrica just unlocked the amazing Octocrush in Monster Legends Join now and gather Your own amazing monst Ers Bellatasya Unrica defeated an opponent after an impressive battle Join Monster Legends now and share your victories together Bellatasya Unrica just unlocked the amazing Rodolph in Monster Legends Join now and Gather your own amazing monsters Bellatasya Unrica overcomes a fearsome boss in Monster Legends Join now and conquer the biggest bosses together Bellatasya Unrestricted Monster Legends Join the Monster Legends Join now and share your victories together Bellatasya Unrica overcomes a fearsome boss in Monster Legends Join Now and conquer the biggest bosses together Bellatasya Unrica defeated an opponent after an impressive battle Join Monster Legends now and share your victories together Bellatasya Unrica just unlocked the amazing Bonetanore in Monster Legends Join now and gather your own amazing monsters Bellatasya Unrica just unlocked the Amazing Kimmel's Gift in Monster Legends Join now and gather your own amazing monsters Bellatasya Unrica just unlocked the amazing Pandalf in Monster Legends Join now and gather your own amazing monsters Bellatasya Unrica just unlocked the amazing Erpham in Monster Legends Join now and gather your own amazing monsters Bellatasya Unrica just unlocked the amazing Molem in Monster Legends Join now and gather your own amazing monsters Please visit my blog at resepmakanandaribellatasya blogspot com and feel free to leave comments
#SEPARATOR# From the first time we enter this school for good luck until we meet again tm2016 sayonara Here's my 2015 Year in Review See yours at facebook com yearinreview number more time to waste HMMM D times join with us RTS JAKARTA2014 November 8, 2014 only 20 000 idr and you'll get Certificate Lunch and Snack see you there D LOL my new friend sorry my post just meet all these photos diligently study and see you again God bless D my new friend sorry post I just met all these photos Diligent learning and bye again God bless D this is what we call TRUE LOVE true story Battle of fans has begun Be the last one to share for a chance to win 50 CP Promotion can end without warning Lets get ready to rummmbleeeeeeeeeee Claim instant gifts in Join MAA Season 2 Continue Privacy Policy is OOI miss 8C Jesus is the road that leads to the kingdom of heaven without shedding blood no peng The forgiveness of Hebrews 9 22 So if there is no forgiveness for this there is no longer a sacrifice offered for the sins of Hebrews 10 18 This is a great friday IN miss all my friend It is too late for Jesus Happy New Year yeah D merry christmas to all of you D finally Free from mid semester wo I can new game hope we all saved God Got really so now mickrochip 666 already exist all over the world where can in hospital bank do not want to give mickrochip in hand and on forehead because can not be released again if until Let us get a chemical reaction Can be in the religion to all religions to be saved also what it feels so if we are called in god and never see ourselves on earth Say something about this ah long jekson has died long and For a long time we did not meet with jekson mengagat kenagan in PVDS with jekson become very menyedikan see su Dah on call God its nice holiday What's on your mind Say something about this aldi please Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this Say something about this
#SEPARATOR# Sell ??Account Mobile Legend Rank Glorious Legend x359 Hero 26 Skins 15 GLORIOUS LEGEND GAMEPLAY Glorious Legend Gameplay Hijacked v Lmfao ginter What have you done oo Neymar In Or Nothing BRAGER Full Time Brazil 1 7 Germany 90 'Oscar 11' M ller 13 'Klose 24' 26 'Kroos 29' Khedira 69 'Sch rrle Almost 4 Years A new Maen AQW noticed V If you're an Action RPG Fan then you'll love Bad Nerd Tell your friends I just completed' Safe My HAIR 'on MMORPG School of Chaos I Just completed 'Mr Butt's Quest' on MMORPG School of Chaos I just completed 'WAGE A WAR' on MMORPG School of Chaos All Ma Crew I just completed 'Help us' on MMORPG School of Chaos I just completed 'Gym Gold' on Bad Nerd I just completed 'Playground Gold' on Bad Nerd I just completed 'Bright Gold' on Bad Nerd I just completed 'Pebbleswallys' on MMORPG School of Chaos If you love multiplayer games then you will want to join the MMORPG Project Tell your friends I just Completed 'Disorder' on MMORPG School of Chaos If you love multipl Ayer games then you will want to join the MMORPG Project Tell your friends I just completed 'Full Time END' on MMORPG School of Chaos laugh I just completed 'Zombie Teachers' on MMORPG School of Chaos I just completed 'Bloomie part1' on MMORPG School Of Chaos I just completed 'Zombies' on MMORPG School of Chaos Leveled in in War Online Leveled up in Global War Online Leveled up in Global War Online is a Global War Soldier I'm playing Angry Gran Run Get it yourself Reepz You embaressed Us Sincerly Stalkz on YouTube on YouTube Full Version In The Installation on YouTube It's Far Cry 3 Trailer Song on YouTube Best Song FarCry 3 Far Cry 3 on YouTube Also Dead Lights Edge Ip Man In fact this lag out in Geniusmeme Porridge Reupload format iya minecraft wallpaper genius I've just received a free Minecraft Giftcode You can get one too minecraftcodes me on YouTube I've just received a free Minecraft Giftcode You can get one too minecraftcodes me on YouTube I've just recei Ved a free Minecraft Giftcode You can get one too minecraftcodes me on YouTube I've just received a free Minecraft Giftcode You can get one too minecraftcodes me on YouTube see capacity was it step up 4 on YouTube dude ur the man on YouTube my country movie Is rock the raid on YouTube 1 Number 3 Best the only fuckin thing you consume is time on YouTube Is Right on YouTube record maan on YouTube was helping not screw it on YouTube laugh on YouTube seize everything you ever wanted you morons on YouTube wayne and em Is good better than justingayVEVO on YouTube dog but dawg you nigga on YouTube people like justin bieber on YouTube grenade noob on YouTube Best Genius Ever on YouTube which song in fix dong should you better lose it now in the music that moment you owe it you better Never let it go go you can get one shot do not miss your chance to blow this oportunity comes once in a lifetime krauser and leon is friend become enemy ironic on YouTube affraid o O LOL on YouTube on YouTu Be pro on YouTube big cheese o It's Chief Mendez on YouTube i love eminem on YouTube uploading videos on YouTube The Expendable 2 Free Facebook AAAAARGH plow tonight it feels empty i know why xD My Frost IS ALIVE DUMBASS on YouTube Like it My Frost IS ALIVE DUMBASS on YouTube to bad number very crane frost westbrook I liked a on YouTube video Pitbull International Love ft Chris Brown Like it I liked a on YouTube video Pitbull International Love ft Chris Brown I uploaded a video on YouTube Introducing My Self Will Be happy If like or Subsribe on YouTube upload videos on YouTube Cs 1 6 Download No survey LoL God kiki god indonesia they using chrome The Most Secure and Cheapest Car Key Like it Full Movie Of VGHS If Happy Ever After Fairy tales are full of shit One more fucking love song I'll be sick Ahhh Waiting for season 2 Walls Jebol Like it Funny Photo Like it God Why Walls Jebol Like it Funny Photo Like it Ne W Style Painting For Smokers Like it From Indonesia LOL my country on YouTube Like it From Indonesia LOL my country on YouTube Funny Like it First Epic Samurai Epic Deleted Scene More Fun Like It xD Similar Monkey Results Like it I posted a new photo to Facebook Like it Favorite Character In Basara 2 Hero Trapping People Wearing Beer Like it Overslept on Bread Like it VIP Tickets Football Match Like it Foreignization Foreign Company Like it Hopeful Wise People Like it Drunk Dog Like it LOL Funny Photo Like it Baby Funny Her Teeth Like it Have a lot of experience in life and be able to inspire students in various aspects What work I have 10 years later Funny Like it Cooling instant noodle Like it Funny Photo Like it A Love Story A Dog and Like it Success makes a stressful morning together clan ICE WOLF OO Muhammad Arif Basalama The Story of a Dog's Love and
#SEPARATOR# Gathered at Marscity Hotel Punya Sodara xD Retweeted H Risnandar on Hari Risnandar Bapao rainbow healthy mini steady price Rp 1500 bapao special price Rp 5000 can 4 bapao interest l4nthink Capricornous Capricorn CaptainAddict capricorn does not like the same couple who ribet hooked a simple but extraordinary Find Out Your Facebook Profile Analyzer Result o Wow My anger scores 20 80 Brave and 20 Cowy this is My happy experience Hope it is a bit late X Mia 4 Retweeted Facts WOW in WOWFakta Only 70 percent of people will understand this 2 2 Fish 3 3 Eight 7 7 Triangle Retweet if you understand Retweeted Facts WOW in WOW Facts 1 x 2 x 3 x 4 x 5 x 6 x 7 x 8 x 9 x 10 seconds 6 weeks Retweeted true on damnitstrue CLICK ON THE PICTURE Facts WOW in WOWFakta Brain Equation Crazy people and geniuses are both equally have low ability in filtering the information it receives Retweeted Facts WOW in WOWFakta More savvy people Ering talk to herself Retweeted Body Language in Body Language Swinging feet while sitting position indicates someone is in a comfortable state of calm and enjoy the situation Retweeted Facts WOW at WOWFakta In America professional gamers are considered equivalent to professional athletes It's my first song on SoundCloud Retweeted true on damnitstrue I love sleep You forget about pain problems stress for a while I just defeated Amar in a challenge in poolbyminiclip AMEY in Amelevans happy new year ma bestiehhh in randyraa on lindogatotp Oscar Amelindoscarandy Retweeted Nathasya Priskila at nathasyasudaly Happy New Year at 9aUnited in AlvienGunawan01 on alvien Gunawan in samuel goodboy on rondadrian in shandyfranky at Chrisna Stark at lindogatotp on randyraa Retweeted Dea Baptista in DeaBpattinson Happy new year 2014 at shandyfranky at rondadrian in randyraa Thanks iya Make that already ucapin Task Uncle John Chika in chikarema Kangen randy yak Wwkw at Amelevans in ra Ndyraa wkwkdi MentionTo MentionTo your friends who always recycle their used papers Retweeted Dedy Corbuzer in DedyCorbuzer Your future is not dependent on your future school value you are in your own hands Retweeted Story Of My Life at Derpey Mom Come down it's dinner time Me In a Few minutes Mom NOW Me Ok downstairs Me Where's dinner My Mom at Derpey I pretend i dont care but deep down I really still do not care Retweeted Story Of My Life at Derpey Home is where You can poop peacefully Retweeted Story Of My Life in Derpey I'm not lazy I'm on energy saving mode Retweeted Story Of My Life on Derpey If I do not text back it's because I replied in my mind but was too lazy to physically Reply and I'm really sorry Retweeted Story Of My Life on Derpey Retweeted Story Of My Life at Derpey It's always fun listening to someone's lie w Hent you know the truth Retweeted Indonesia's forecast in TweetCAMMERCAPE Capricorn has serious and careful nature and is not vulnerable about displaying emerional Retweeted Indonesian Forecast in TweetRAMALAN Capricorn may not want to abide by rules if they see no reason or disagree Retweeted Dea Baptista in DeaBpattinson Congratulations Idul Adha GBU holiday at Kris CMathijs in Amelevans in DanuDeswara in evie noviani di randyraa di dery julia Mom Why is my room always so messy When I hear When I hear Myself eating crunchy food I wonder if people can hear it too Retweeted Story Of My Life in Derpey It's funny bc people think im quiet but im just listening to everyones convos and figuring out ur weaknesses to destroy you later in life there sa hutCapricorn is their Who are quite patient and tend not to rush into doing everything Retweeted Forecast Indonesia in TweetCAPRICS Men Capricorn has a keen eye appealing calm friendly clever mingle Me Retweeted Indonesia's prediction in TweetCAMRORS RELIABLES usually depend on the heart of the heart firm and unshakable in the face of hardship Retweeted Indonesia's forecast in TweetChapter Capricorn is a very charismatic personality and also the responsibility Retweeted Anime Cartoon in CartoonWords There's nothing wrong with this wrong world is a cocky human who feels having it Near Death Note Retweeted Anime Cartoon in CartoonWords Fear is not evil he just tells what your weakness Gildarts Fairy Tail Retweeted Anime Cartoon in CartoonWords Beautiful memories of the past just to Remembered not remembered Sasuke Naruto Retweeted Anime Cartoon in CartoonWords I do not need to follow other people's way enough I do in my own way Ouma Shu Guilt Crown White Beard Hibari Hibari Kyouya Retweeted Adult Dictionary in Dictionary Adult Only personal Weaker who thinks that everything should be easy to do but HARD TO See KO God Valdi Japar Giraldo Alexander Macho Anime Logic am i just dreaming Valdi Japar Giraldo Alexander Handi Hasan Uchiha Spongebob
#SEPARATOR# Friendsday Congratulation to MOBIUS FINAL FANTASY for hitting 8 888 888 registered users worldwide Albertus Angga here see dong V what the hell is this life what a fucking crazy life XD yeye No one knows me No one trust me rate Always stands alone dear whatever you want but not anyone want to close with sun feel whatever you like but sun is so bright that the number one can see it with bare eyes even sun is the center but your egoism is the one that make you think that you Is the center and you forget what is the most crucial thing for this galaxy kok loss i sell corare Just in bid 30k what an odd way to live MY LIFE IS SO ODD Trolling life D realized that 'he' has arrived just waiting for 'home 'He built his' army' together and soon 'he' will 'sit' up there and say that 'he' is the 'king' where that day also I will leave everything without regretting I forgot to add more senile Wkawka HBD us XD Be better us XD wkawka ngomongdewe wogh cool william rank 12 XDXD I win cuy wkawkawa be happy yes XD again I can be in the middle of sperti not predict waiting in silence alone without silent reaction without expression aaaaaaa alone XD dikacangin level god XD this cool XD hoammzz bosen Play so people baek kok out no longer see it feels failed again this time running constantly bringing us all into the end of the same end of life hmmm can not yes I make it happy that I am this example of people FAILED all wrong This world is my enemy so something To be alone in this world Gini i think about designe later if anyone does not agree comment just FONTTT what iya happy neat Feel like I am nothing And you're right that I always alone Haha try to die with smile just trying to get what you wanted Arek x 4 please if there is already a group of me in the join if there is no one for dong duty there the task here is endless What do you call an forever friendship Is it really Exist EDMODO very lonely Most hate the new times enter yoga sabar yoo full of bullshit starting to hate myself open this if you dare wah fun laugh All I ever tried to do for him was the right thing and it only ever made things worse Rachel The Ring 2002 I want to forget someone but i can not i want to delete all memories someone still can not when i realize my memories is so full of someone '' then just get out of my mind lonely D everytime someone add me just confirm It's just that i just think ooh just like that just being kind to me for her her self shit status is not clear suppose i hulk definitely will not calm this world who likes yuri genre comment plz what you Think nothing is true no taught me logarithms again i forgot the sword art online infinity moment ok daa if i off ajah slamat night he almost all my status is destroyed by them when humans lie they always think about kebohonga N2 else when they are caught when humans are honest they never think about honesty in their future facebook g iso dbuka '' Kamen Rider I never confident with my looks But I confident with my emotion past emotion is part of ourselves that makes us able to be As it is now true story laugh the best I wish my dream come true so remember the past '' azz dizziness kah download not mari2 ayooo download less 7 hours more fate '' galau '' laughing what iya movie happy apik tugas2 kok sek onok ae '' When kon matine life is exhausting cool coy ngerii out playing corpse party hantunya make goosy kok let's light yes feeling okay okay ajah Friendz Kite all go to school date brpa zich Oi rek isa love know not greeting happy live class TTP s Create the g Naek I miss U Go for EURO 2012 deus created SmartMF on Freerice I just earned 2000 grains of rice to feed the hungry on Freerice com I just earned 1500 grains of rice to feed the hungry o N Freerice com I just answered 75 questions in a row on 20Freerice com I earned 500 grains of rice to feed the hungry on Freerice com pretty lucky holiday AHHHHH Lelet Download do not let me look handsome wkwkwkwk '' Mbajidin '' I love you ninja saga forever Is this your favorite fish so far yess aduchhh enak ujan adem bagus hehehe ok survived
#SEPARATOR# Talk show Data Science with pak Risman from Samsung and Pak Dipta from Amartha with moderator Sir Alexander Agung and mother Yulyani Arifin Pouring that has been studied and tried for the last 5 years into one whole writing is not very easy Keep the spirit of Congratulations for the achievement Rafael Herman Yosef Willson Wijaya Albert Darmawan coach Felix Jingga Proud of you Whatever the situation condition and bad atmosphere around you stay calm and keep positive None of negative things will win Meet up with junior high school seatmate yet US citizen already hahaha 11 years since last time we Met is not it at 333lucas bestfriend highschool nostalgic childhood What is Data Science Let's learn about science happening lately For all SoCS students please take part in this talk show limited seat please sign up soon Binus BCA Funtastic Moment PPTI BCA Appreciation Day Champion 1 2 and 3 Outstanding Congratulations Jollybee BINUS My NL P natural language processing class lectures calculus lecturer college student campus learning class Jollybee BINUS goes to US for World Final ACM ICPC 2017 Good luck team Albert Darmawan Willson Wijaya Rafael Herman Yosef Felix Orange Yen Lina Prasetio BINUS UNIVERSITY presents iOS Foundation Program The iOS Foundation Program is Binus's special active student program designed to help you create apps as well as explore software development process on iOS The collaboration program with Apple is designed using Swift with a unique innovation framework that certainly helps you realize brilliant idea ideas Become real So kosongin when you start 19 21 June continued 3 July 28, 2017 Monday s on Friday at 09 00 13 00 on Campus BINUS University Alam Sutera Enroll Soon Limited Wave 1 17 26 May 2017 Wave 2 29 May 2 June 2017 Take registration form And listin d Envy you in one of these locations 1 BINUS UNIVERSITY Admission Room 1st Floor Campus BINUS University Alam Sutera 2 BINUS CENTER Syahdan 3 BINUS CENTER FX Sudirman Ga usa worry Make you a qualified active and fully committed to the end of this program is FREE and we also lend the Macbook Pro and iPhone for the duration of the program For more information please contact Ms Natalia Ms Natasha Mr Kelvin Tel 088801008385 WA 088212273919 Email iosprogramdi binus edu 2nd Call for Paper Due date June 20, 2017 Notification date 31 July 2017 Venue Bali Dynasty Resort Bali Indonesia Maliq D'Essentials at Binus Employee Award 2017 binusemployeeaward2017 binusuniversity Minister of Research and Technology Dikti Do not Worry if Not Able State Will Fee Menristekdikti Mohamad Nasir asked prospective students from the community can not afford not to worry about the cost of continuing education Binus Employee Award 2017 Do not worry about the depth of the sea To swim swimming relaxing weekend hom E relaxing pool end of the house Udah temenan in FB before I met yesterday Happy Birthday Meiliana Kheng D Sampe at the work table was moved there is a kasi beginian Abis touched directly sad indeed I'm so hushy yes HIMTI Farewell 2017 They are the students who did responsibility more than they have To success will surely follow all of your pathways Good luck friends at himti binus in socsbinusuniv himtibinus himtifarewell binus binusuniversity Dear all SoCS students Monday and Tuesday 8 May 9 there are 2 international seminar agenda at Orchid Campus and Alam Sutera Campus please to be followed Accept Love Go go go original old female young faceapp kekinian hahaha Ngobrol2 at lunch with friends who served in the border area of ??Indonesia with other countries recalled to this film Tanah Surga 2012 cc Muhsin Shodiq Meeting with some of the core board of association INACL Indonesian Association for Computational Lingustics education lecturer University Indonesia INACL Ind. Regular meeting Ind Onesian Association for Computational Lingustics Congratulations national education day smartlah my age Happy national education day smartlah my mother Bu naughty lecturer when active ngajar lagi hahaha Happy day labor Snapshot of my research papers with students lecturers and colleagues It was Happy long weekend allaaaa Who is still UTS who patiently yaaaaa In quietness And trust is my strength isaiah bible scenery view garden cloud Run meeting today Padjadjaran University of Parahyangan Catholic University under meeting collaboration university Steady Profession from Prof Tirta N Mursitama not know anymore dahhh its impression kok really long PhD honey morning hosh Aryo Pradipta Gema Suhendro Winton Theodorus David This is another lab playing in Argumentation Mining besides Darmstadt Facebook is building brain computer Interfaces for typing and skin hearing Call for Paper Deadline for full paper submission May 01 2017 Notification of paper acceptance July 31 2017 Deadline for final paper Submission August 20 2017 Deadline for Registration August 31 2017 Conference October 13 14 2017 cc School of Computer Science BINUS University Fredy Purnomo Yen Lina Prasetio Evawaty Tanuar Gabriella Jeklin Violitta Yesmaya Novita Hanafiah Meiliana Kheng Yulyani Arifin Bayu Kanigoro Dewi Suryani Ferdinand Ariandy Azani Cempaka Sari Hanry Ham Hady Pranoto Rini Wongso Afan Galih Salman Michael Yosep Andry Chowanda Rojali Saleh Aditya Kurniawan Widodo Budiharto Lili Ayu Wulandhari Natalia Chandra Sonya Rapinta Manalu Aswin Wibisurya Yogi Udjaja Yohan Muliono Syarifah Diana Permai Ohyver Etha Rhio Sutoyo Edy Irwansyah Irene Anindaputri Iswanto Alexander Agung Santoso Gunawan Count me in Why NLP special conference conferences are not indexed Scopus kesel wonder My forever thinner and taller best brother 88and89 Happy Good Friday God bless Congratulation for BINUS University School of Computer Science team Michelle Nesya Cyber ??Security Program and Eric Software Laboratory Center that got the rank 1 Line Dev Challenge Indonesia MoU cooperation between Esri Indonesia with Binus University for the submission of ArcGIS software license attended by Tangerang Mayor pak Arief Rachadiono Dear all Computer Science students please be present at this afternoon seminar from Coventry University UK which will be delivered By Dr. Maurice Hendrix Welcome to PhD life Friends of friends Keep the spirit Come and join the 2nd ICCSCI 2017 Ong Anneke Dwi Sesarika Rahmanto Williem Lex The first paper from your thesis is online yes Guidance 3 1 Internship today Is this a true story again Six months later only God understands Menperin stated for the early stages Apple will cooperate with Bina Nusantara Binus University for train of trainer because the company needs proudtobeBinusian lecturer HIMTI is my favorite D Once share thread kaskus ahhh cc Alexander Agung Andry Chowanda Congrats in BINUS BGP for having new Master degree programs M Aster of Strategic Marketing Communication S2KomunikasiBINUS Dear all students here are the steps to take advantage of Google Scholar and Mendeley in the writing of scientific papers such as thesis and others All these guidelines are neatly documented by Mr. Rhio Sutoyo Thank you sir Sembrani Train today
#SEPARATOR# Please iya whose name is facebook Adeliana Yuwonno it's not me but do not know who do not in accept thankyou ABSURD Sofi's bday surprise Thankyou Kara Floral Headband Missyousodamnmuch Happy Chinese New Year D playing free rice again D 7a 'FORWARD success DY GREAT PrayForReportCard O Thank you for This day craziest fieldtrip sounds out nice D We'll show you what we're made of Let's see MarioMaurer 3 AFRAID Solo The Spirit of Java At GI with Ivan Tasia kim ko bozra andrew ko sammy listen my heello di delchocolatos lalalala Its my last day On 12 years P I'm addicted and I just can not get enough Why in every meeting there should be a farewell I hate it thank you D pray for my sister I am wrong what whatever tomorrow school hope will get the same class complain without miss jovelyn wish Me luck want to school with 7a with Miss Jovelyn 'kpan yaa meet sisca again' at MAG byebye sisca at Gading w michelle sisca black out grr byee anyer bye miss Jovelyn Delos Santos miss y Ou Arrived Jakarta now eating spicy rice hahh just arrived bali D omwt Soetta tomorrow D bali w michelle thank you D it's finish great stay at tasia's w preysi stella D eh all my new bb pin add yaa who want to ask messages to me D science Fail bisma p nice barca why the house instantly quiet every moment with you is the sweetest one 7a 3 we love you miss jovelyn '' you are the best teacher I 've had' book launching success 'i' m going to miss you Miss Jov my hp Too good ccd today gamasuk school big girls do not cry 'happy birthday Jeremy Yts p nyesek' Preysi's party birthday at alma's D fun happy birthday my beloved brother D kakak adry OOOMGG these friends friends are visiing my profile o Agatha Verencia 1136 views' Nita 'Jeanita 983 views Agung Kurniawan 542 views Adam Ravansya 300 views See who views your profile at 3 Frankestein D Jessica Vanelisa Stella Ella Preysi Reveni from yesterday at the turn not go in all like lonely ipa sm A science aaaaaa Happy birthday Mr Romeo D on the way is on the way bandung With al x in tasik RIP Pak Frans math is easy 'we love you curious play with Stella Ella Jessica Vanelisa p prepare something just stay' huah they are lucky '2months more Sorry me rifky '3 kids company 3 sm sh 3 secondhand 3 jb 3 michael buble 3 taylor swift 3 number more mellow affection number to galau why wanna fixie hoam kangen mr jusber' number more mellow affection number to dumbass D smash smile spirit yes success D Thank you yesterday play sma preysi ci bel ko hansel ivan XD bismaaa morgaan 3 yah want to join bsok aaa my meleh dngernya TT curious nw goat the movie aaaaaaa fruit tea crazy XD 3 bm p makasi lebai banget disgust wkkw lebai banget disgust wkkw pain really Jatoh pas handstand i close my eyes and i can see a better day D yeay my love my love my 3 basket michael buble 3 Felicia Layrensius we have new mama D pray for doraemon miiko shinchan and japan O ba Dmood high level grr you know that i love you p turtle 3 freerice ym thanks I'm feeling good today Ka ola's birthday party D freerice calm down please i want to meet you one more please i want to know your name 'dynasty yea Know kok jps lose conscious but phi gausah ngata2in also uleadnya can not on my lap xx az woy girl lebai ngaca plisss D woy girl lepai ngaca plisss D poster jb his water hit 'gapeduligapeduligapeduligapeduligapedulikokokgapeduli gaikutan problem phi jps point ko Francis Hansel ceriaa D defects my name So potato Stevie Liardi cocktail sam akentang far yesterday jps play same ceha XD basket crazy mad hi hai you want i want to be your girlfriend its intention sih want to find song for cheers even online p kwkw i nyerah deh nyarinya yesterday ivory same stella jeve kelvin albert Today same jesaya preysi albert kelvin aldo rifky just go home akwka D sick indeed facebook want to block glee oath amusing with you Abu merapi chat w Stella Ella vikin G boy reckless just the same ulalala pride kok same indo why main fair sportsman losing lost lalala argh 3 0 najis from the beginning have made indo down cheat copo najis malay tacky use laser firecracker what try cheat geek in jogja tomorrow jogjaa sampeeeeeee on the way is in The solo path tomorrow on the ivory iya solo bbye D party plow facebook sii adel D wkkw make pudding w stella jeve on the way is on the road cempaka mas with stella celine jeve monic gitta D make that feel copycat nyadar yes please outrage know Michael Akas Wicaksono makasi DD my touched wkkaa apabanget nyebelin HAHA still at school D practice i will be right here waiting for you 'thank you for this day Theresia Renata Shania Junianatha Felita Dewitama agnes DD Fun xD play the same tere shania fefe agnes D have a nice day so amin try the Best for you you 'study study study
#SEPARATOR# Yearinreview2016 Andi Stn Adrian Crisandy Michael Benedict 5 25 Tired of your plain Old Ragnarok Server The wait is over AUDACITY RAGNAROK ONLINE Basic Information Founded 2 22 2015 Server Open Beta Test 2 22 2015 2 28 2015 Server Opened 3 8 2015 Website Server Pre Renewal Max Base Job Level 750 250 Base and Job Exp Rates 175000x 175000x Max Stats 1000 Max HP SP 20000000 5000000 Drop rate 100 for everything Disabled Third Jobs No Stat Seller Server Normal Mode Roleplay PK 4 slotted equips except shields which is 2 slots Perfect Dodge Enabled 50 Max AntiWPE RPE EditedGRF enabled AudacityRO Features Full Mall with Cards Ready to PvP Custom Headgears Custom Main Town Guild Owned Gold Room Custom PvP System Costume System NPC Afk System at afk Dungeon Instances Endless Tower Nidhoggur's Nest Coming Soon Custom PvP Maps with custom BGM's Fixed Currency to Promote Economy Resist Based Gameplay Switching Melee and Skill based gameplay Automated Events Dragon Ball Z Quest Custom Refining Syste M Hunting Missions Quests Fishing System Modified War of Emperium 1 0 and 2 0 Stage Game Casino NPC's Slot Machine and Headgear Gacha Custom MvP Mobs The Seven Deadly Sins Nanatsu number Taizai Reference Sacred Weapon Quest Pokemon and Naruto Pets Housing System Coming Soon Battle Grounds Coming Soon Download links Full Client Torrent Link Lite Client Torrent Link Register here disband replaced Ngabuburit whose contents he also forgive me if you can Beat me if you can Beat me if you can Beat me if you can Beat me if you can Beat me if you can Beat me if you can laugh ohh nice picture D something dies i wonder if it's really all over That's why it feels so sad No It's not Over as Long as someone remembers it's never over '' e '' First FPS game on Facebook FPS game on Facebook go to GM its very good Maintenance ampe this hour from 9 am Lag DISAAT DAKU OLD PLEASE READ OOOMGG these friends friends are vi Siing my profile o Daud Kurniawan 1136 views Aldy Pratama 983 views Febriana Tindaon 542 views Brandon Lee 300 views See who views your profile on the wait and see I'm going to show you what is really there Lose In This No Higher Or Lower There Is Always Only One Truth Hoo so much too who is awake the same nggk sleeping semalem good good wakakakakaka monkey BB I can not be mats nggk nggk can di nyalain zzz gloom Friend FB 100 Pas wkwkkwkwkwkw Friend FB 100 Pas Wkwkkwkwkwkw Banner Top Banner The IDIOT i saw you for the first time i know you were the one you did not love a word to me but love was in the air then you held my hand pulled me into your world from then on my life has Change for me now i never feel lonely again cause you're in my life Love how can i explain to you the way i feel inside when i think of you Then you held my hand pulled me into your word from then on my life has change For you now i never feel lonely again Cos you're in my life When i saw you for the first time i knew you were the one On the wings of death by the hands of doom By the darkest light from the darkest moon Crossing silent seas over mountains high For we stand as one Tonight On the black wind forever we ride on together Destroying your evil with freedom our guide When the master will storm us He'll stand high before us Our hearts filled with splendor Our swords will shine over the light I Want To Get Back The Strength I Lost Physicx for wkwkkwkw stupid woi riki keffas on same call Ws
#SEPARATOR# HT MADRID 0 0 MUNCHEN halamadrid Want to CS Free GO GO without Deposit JUDY SkinSilo is a hint xd Link Login via Steam Continue to REWARDS Tab Fill in email trade url and others follow instructions just use my referral code SAMUELHALIM can 250 coil out of it when it is finished All you will be able to get a bullet if you want to look for a coin again to tab EARN CREDITS now you can join it all therein coin AntiJUDY 0ToSKIN Hery Franky Victor Franky Kevin Tj Dimas Arsaya Mi Chael Daniel Agung permit tag boss Wtb gamesteam rate lowest new video is up friend Yg pingin see people gans play dota csgo and others tlg on subs iya Youtube com channel UCzmZnH993iw vAWa0BBKkHQ Makasiiii go Steady soul Photo same ex Fnatic 8k mmr in one picture Noob am Steven Bonny Oriel Mihawk Victor Franky Hery Franky Hery Franky not for you Yg selling Gold dragon nest servee void PM Just one last dance Hery Franky hery Hery Franky 1 more God pls indonesia Chroma for the win Later Uan your daughter miss Nana Podungge Pake sandals on campus D Wts game csgo in 100k stock lot Line sam 2107 Djing Tj WTS Adidas NMD R1 size US 9 5 genuine UK Certainly not in Asia New goods up to indo 30 setember PM for price thank You 777 The one and only Cant wait joki pokemon go Lvl 1 15 100 rb Lvl 1 20 150rb Lvl 1 25 200 rb Lvl 1 30 275 rb No softban Aman Line sam 2107 No hp 082226119865 Pake google bsa ptc wear can Wts off on dusty Interests Pm course Lunchhh WTS ATHREOS GOD in 100k Todays draft keep Nb if to semarang search Lumpia make by2 to icipy yes p Wts Scg x10 Todays pre WTB Nissa PW origins Lilliana PW origins Thunderbreak regent Gameday promo Korean Shit got real Pending first Erick Widjaya Rinto KUr Dea Vania Vito Alexander Harliyanto Canceled Shit Must read Aji aji used to be your hero now What the fuck RONALDOO JUVENITI WE CANT HEAR YOU NOWWW PENALTY ISCOO 1 MOREE WE ARE STILL ALIVE May Chen Font number milan nocerino 20k exc postage FOR SALE JEREMY S COTT FOIL WINGS sizs 43 1 3 BNIB Brand New In Box Cp 082226119865 7CA4568F Specials who know yes Vito Alexander Harliyanto Mx Wkwkwk 51 you how much Alex Snow Devin Christian Save read later Haha Devin Christian Alex Snow Devin Christian Jengkel Devin Christian Narsis used to be Alex Snow Beautiful is not vin Devin Christian Devin Christian Alex Snow Jeff Choi my girlfriend Sleepover in Alex Snow's room I have a look at my pictures sharing jokes and news as well as support during Good and bad times I'm happy to have you around my friends I'm going to be watching for a while I'm going to be watching how to take care of the friendship just like me So if You are reading this then thank you for being a part of my life So leave ONE WORD on how we met DO NOT SHARE Once you respond I will inbox you this copy then paste on your wall so I can leave one word for you Ronaldooo Ooo halamadrid Steady this pitt Fia Kreuz Sad hahah May be aware Fia Kreuz Hopefully the goal was indeed a good sign and in the allow Why oh why All i can sayang is i was enchanted to meet you Be thankfull of what you have cause something that you will will never get Back but there are manythings you can learn for what you have done in the past Its over Mantap is skipper ferdinand 1 0 3 goals to go Come on guysss 2 2 800k pm only Sfccc Persija 3 5 sfc Next sfc opponent arema yoo hajar Ready 1 Minipom Male Snow White stb cotton wool Glamor 3 2 jt 2 Minipom male Non stb White Unyu2 1 7jt 3 Husky elephant Top Blue eyes 2 5 months Gede 7 jt 4 Doberman male Non stb Cut tail Vaccine 2 jt 5 Pitbull non stb female Prospect sporting Price 1 2 1 6 jt 6 Pitbull male female Stb Prospect sporting Price 1 950 7 Chh male 7 months Stb Color draw 1 050 rb 8 Golden male Cucu import USA 2 blnan 2 4 free shipping java 9 Bully 3 males 1 female 3 months Stb Kupir 3 7jt M 10 Malamute female 6 months Child import Price 6 5 8 5 jt 11 Pug male 2 months Stb 2jt 12 Chh Jantan 3 months Stb 1 8 free shipping jawa 13 Husky indukan 3 years Stb Bntr again loop 2 050 free postage 14 Corgi male 4 months Child import 3 7 jt 15 Bully indukan 1 tahun Stb 3 2 jt 082226119865 7CA4568F Decrease the price just putig Rvp Eyes Wazza Smart monkey This cave of cave is Nanna Lee Barca serikah Yuhu Wtf For sale gucci belt made in italy Special who just know big Uda yeah now your ill Ati lek ndelok profile e wong kui BU kok terusan di 125k free shipping take all in 100k Jatidiri just far better than this stadium v ??MAY GOD BLESS INDOBESIA NOTHINGISIMPOSSIBLE Loss maning loss maning 1 1 end ny Pssi asuuuu Seneng e meet people tuany Evan dimas Josss Van dijk 1 0 Right Gymnastics morning with mother teacher Ida Jokam Safitri Shofia Yusuf Congratulations fast fasting 19 years end ny finish v Mental champion Trus vladimir in what in tuhh Diving oh diving PERSIPURA German 1986 jaspo M Muluss 300k excl Postage 7CA4568F 082226119865 Had smalling Reussssssa Herpes meneh auuuu Nanna Lee Tyas Princess Anjarini Ida Jokam Safitri Shofia Yusuf do you miss us Tyas Princess Anjarini Devin Christian Vito Alexander Harliyanto Alexis Snow Tyas Princess Anjarini Ryan Hartley Alexis Snow Devin Christian Benzemaaa Pepe 2 1 Kroos still the Best Ronaldoooooooo 1 1 Ea pique so goalkeeper 2x Come on benzemaaa Classico time 3 oh 3 2 0 broo benzema kroos class Sup looserpool 1 0 CR7 Wallet oh purse kimpet Not sack yeah v Since i dont go to gym my weight loss 3 kgs Weird Semeru oh Semeru Style classic is v Lonely gilaa Ngakak see Fia Kreuz fear watch annabelle Alexis Snow Nanna Lee Vito Alexander Harliyanto Alexis Snow Devin Christian Samuel Johan 16 days to go Same who hayo Ea lost Freak Minhooooo Asikkkkk 3 1 In fact reall madrid c wkakakak Real madrid b kirain Castilla v Asu kabeh All the shit that you do Kere hore at 250k inc special post today 2 1 nah lohh kuwait v Tiboooo 1 1 Low Class This madrid night can lose crazy Vito Alexander Harliyanto Wednesday friday saturday sunday futsal josssss why Look at me do i look affraid Madrid play what time iya Agree Meet you mr bob in s2 it awkward wkakakakak Im forever yours When emotions beat everything Fia Kreuz Andy Kim Happy Birthday my girl Wish you all the best May all your dreams come true God bless you Anjrit is next to the smell of perfume ala arab body kira2 110 kg still make up keep it self awareness oittttt Bs facebook an chat not in reply soreati The story candid Back home budal Timing Gambling coy Lanang ra know self Monkey pinter Bee Enakkkk Sooo saddd Welcoming party There is telo Time for taking restttt Hk Suttle suwi plane delay kacauuu GOOD LUCK DI MARIA Kudu sabar D Hawa2 in live turu Laper want mcd malem2 modar Miss you already Haduuu 1 0
#SEPARATOR# Wow best moment ever I'll go to china if this is true It's me take 3rd place in death match in 'Outpost' level Check out this performance of This Trainyard 'level Check Out this performance of Baby on Sing Check out this performance of Gangnam Style on Sing Great filzxhintz has enough experience to reach a new level hoho Great filzxhintz has enough experience to reach a new level yeah have fun Yeah Great filzxhintz has enough experience to reach a new level You make me falling in love with you 3 Crazy 3 cute I'm so lonely broken angel 3 her so much With tutut Mas po and vincent wkawka Ryan I love you Me Mr Adi Edward and Vincent You're the Only One Never give up No matter how weak you are crazy P cute 3 her D You're My Ice Cream You're My Dreams neseli in china Nest has appeared in gemscool Let's play together together again Create guild again Keep hajar manticore and apocal Ypse Who wants to enter the guild later can add my FB Stay Nunggu patchnya Go DN Gamerz One In A Million Double Protection from the insects On Again RezpectorZz is such a drag need volunteers to play DN and help me with my quest Need it Heroes way cash cherry Credits Party Time Please play DN and join my guild HunterDazz this is a link to download DN file discotion Crazy god skillnya Members in my guild to Fwar every day Love number one Trust number one Believe number one LTB Just for Gamerz dino fashion hahahaha race promotion promotion What is delicious oh mad I copo I want to be free So sad many tests next week and tomorrow NeCheez Man Necheezzz For people who retired PB bisgini there is DinoMode that exciting This is orang2 who will represent surabaya in LS Slamat championship bwt Hydro Thunder dropdropdropdropdropdorp bassbassbassbassbass wow Ah just go home later mlm work stacked all TQ Put Your Hands Up Ge Ge Ge number Kitaro klek klek klek klok what a bad d Ay Wow cool man How poor I am Always anime I love Fairy Tail Ferarri in front of hotel jw marr ot jakarta wanting a holiday tros enaknya road road in mall jakarta same office employees who are also gamers already in jakarta 4 days filz Golf Stick accidentally to throw to Roof Embarrassing Zzzzz play hear music watch tv study and have fun Like it like it Just play and have fun Hmmm in school that play lost saga only 2 people any more who want to come Kalo there are many direct bwt guild itself Oh Gila FBku got the word virus Bus from jakarta yesterday from JB go home 1 2 days again I will go to Jakarta At Saturday I will watch Justin Bieber's Concert If you want to find me there I sit at VIP chair Happy Holiday all Check out my friends I'm in trouble But in the end I survive Lost Funny and fun saga hehehe CPU has dibetulin hahahaha seep download grand chase susahnya error keep pdahal internet flame continue 12jam zzzzz Remix music with bassdrop is my favorite Poo yes people have to ha Ck mine Emange orange who ngehack g have 2PM capital why many problems come to me am I am chosen one TT ID ROku dihack same people Pdhal already a lot ngecash aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh So Fun I love to watch animax movie because it is COOL Baune buffalo ask for ampoen I YUI Add Jefferson Utomo why hahaha why can not I stop playing in ordinary days is this thing cause me to get a bad mark Abraham ojok ngehack FBku wew gone home from rumahe chrisna bsk gathering again laugh oh Utsnya pek keras2 kabeh TT Down the distant road Who ngehack FBku will be beaten if nemu oi hook ngehack FBku buandotz iki ZZZZZZZZZZ tell me what ae statuse iki play RO that can make me so happy and enjoy but i dont know why my GF worse than oh man wew out ngerjain UTS at home Chrisna albert albert Mbe win s Chrisna play tekken jago pek all dikalahno great2 Tsunami tsunami who wants to swim free to Japan why Sad Mode i miss you very much Where are you now sour pek Papa mbe mama same ae if blanja lama banget Want ngamok pek Am I faded like a shadow i have to do something Pusing bis tricked people in zzzzzz games lost 25 jt zeny AHHHH Do not Punk with My Heart I feel like a bird fly on the Sky everytime I hear music Today cape poll Is this Love
#SEPARATOR# Fresh Selling Yeezy v2 cream white BNIB receipt Neo Soho Sz uk 8 5 Contact Line brianhaessel Wa 081 219 988 008 jualyeezy adidasyeezy yeezyboost jualyeezywhite adidas yeezyboost350 yeezynesia yeezyjakarta jualyeezyboost topitem topshoes yeezyputih it New pin PS4 Apache do not automatically translate dong must download the client ma patch Mobile Uploads i got free Gw Again films shirt angie funny yes i need Mobile Uploads FREE 520 FACEBOOK CREDITS FOR LIMITED TIME ONLY HURRY UP like it FREE 450 FACEBOOK CREDITS FOR LIMITED TIME ONLY HURRY UP FREE 450 FACEBOOK CREDITS FOR LIMITED TIME ONLY HURRY UP 450 FB Points That you can Use for everything Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift want to eat A free gift want to watch INCEPTION Let your friends know that you've got a free gift Let your friends know that you 'Ve sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift let your friends know that you've sent a free gift let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Inazuma 11 Let your friends know that you've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you've got a free gift Let your friends know that you've got a free gift Let your friends know that you 've sent a free gift Let your friends know that you' ve sent a free gift Let your friends know that you 've sent a free gift wkwkwkwwk Let your friends know that you' ve sent a free gift Let your friends know that you 've sent a free gift Let Your friends know that you've sent a free gift hhhhhhhhhhooooorrrrrrrrrr eee hahaha Click the cute pet below to own it now Do not forget to make a decent offer Mami can fish clown applefish i caught a crab oh iget number Please be my neighbor in FarmVille Please be my neighbor in FarmVille
#SEPARATOR# Telekinetik why not Life is full of blindness VIRUS hate bosen when it is kelkom on the way is on the solo road Yeah back to jakarta back to solo in 7 days back to asssalam ter love good bye jakarta TT physical preparation for tonight now playing rf memories on the Way is on the way bandung Just installed ChatSend that allows me to send files up to 2GB for free on Facebook chat Check it out virus again recurrence Freak males learn traktir sekelas direct kopong laughing solo jakarta 28jam on the way being on the solo road tomorrow can meet Kakak cihuyyy finally holiday also huh finally my head en be alive BARCA beh 16 000 ajib 2 days again reunian SD is good to the island tidung wkwkkwk on ngerjain the Mochammad Fadhilah Nuris ampek crying make laugh D wkwkwkwkkw so miss the pb again this is my hand more and more mak kok Swollen yes beutiful girl oh my hand swollen not lost missing again fit play ball zzzzzzzzzzzz now playing bruno mars just the way You are ilill llili 4l4yerzzz pingin nightly nightly so yes D good night D I'm just ordinary people who just want to be loved and I was not perfect like you I was just a weak man without love love that you gave me that made me strong With her love that I live that love love her make her feel the taste of a lover's affection Oh her eyes her eyes Make her stars look like they're not shining Her hair her hair Falls perfectly without her trying She's so beautiful And I Tell her every day this fucking ahk who ngebajak my FB is not clear this azzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz now playing us forever why TL on twitter is not the way yes bad I dikerjaiin Muhammad Fadil Al Katiri again damn ngeladenin boy ngmong make me laugh there is no nice yes if people we Love has gone far menainggal we ahk blom online also it's kid online dong plisss me pingi talk ma you tired of ngurusin boy VV yesterday hit the tsunami as earthquake continued news miyabi its like Where dong this aiueo BABIbubebo cacicuceco you are not the right heart for me but you deserve for others yey finally buy Hp also In this life we ??can not always do great things But we can do many small things with great love In this life we ??can not If you want something you've never had you should be willing to do something you've never done If you want something you've never had you to be willing to do something you've never Done yuhu tomorrow terakih repeat week but the day senesnya uts again yes gods just learning hard feeling very much moaning ci thinin again with the father bangke hopefully the average score of 9 or not he over kkm all aminn malesss really do not da excited to chat DEWA deserted night It's a little crowded tomorrow is no longer able to go online again hiks hiks' why you go to me Hard to find a way to get through It's a tra Gedy Pulling at me like the stars do You like like gravity Even if the wind blows It makes it hard to believe How iya gonna love How iya gonna feel How you gonna live your life like a dream you have is real And if you lost your Way I will keep you safe We will open up all the world inside I see it come alive tonight I see it this song rada rada rokest word can not be friends eat friends so confused me That means how flying without wings sepiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii i want to have i nice dream help me kelaparaannn all tomorrow there is badminton not i just waiting pingin burn corn but most delicious with mas mas in jawa when going to jakarta mas ganang wildan safiq mada and other brother Laugh to see vidio song tenteng a name wakkakakkakakkakakakkaka we will not go down my friend kasian very already in two go on huh anget dog make this curious child two huahhhhhhhhhhhj next month tired really Run out arcici have a nice dream all good night I love you my heart 4 ever I can I need love to much Sometimes God brings you with some improper people so you can be grateful when meet the right person i waiting you perfect perfect his ahk ill Behh ajib ui an 8th grader make a group someone's dong she is so beutiful ahahahahhaha a rather melancholy song wounded heart hehehe huh not satisfied the same self on why this hell is my seventh grader who is weak without you i err without you love that you give So big for me lonely this morning well today is a blessing day where now day labir prophet we muhammad SAW i wonder who and i wonder why go to monas with my friends cuyyyyyyyyyyy friends what else srek nye kawokawokaowkawokawokawokoawkoawkoawkoawkokwoakoakwo laugh see srek falling pants nye hole also Awkowkoakwokawokawokawokawokawokawo kenape tomorrow not holiday aje sih to all good night have a nice day tomorow Preparation tomorrow road way together hafidz gamal srek rafki firli emir abdrogba lonely banged tonight I weak without you I am vulnerable because Love is gone from you Who is able to flatter me As long as my eyes are open Until the heart does not beat Forever I am able to remember you From You I Found my life To me You are my true love at that time is not the moment for you and me oh hungry com why ye I am sick or it is my dying ye if it is sick really do not even recover kloudah dead knape not dead dead yes but hopefully dead sahid aminnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn lonely yes Noon like this bismillahhirrohmannirrohim yeah gods hope this day is a good day amin sad for once today hopefully tomorrow become a better day aaaaaaminnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn behh ujan molo so can not cool my shoes again really bad luck hah he just past not the future My future is definitely brighter tonight tonight delish being what yes bon jovi it's my life complicated her these people huaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah lonely night is my samurai ouch chased the dog where jatoh having a bad view aje the dog dying mu is near njing good night all I want to sleep hoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm hoaaaaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm evening delicious it ngapian Yes sleep what it is this bewildered ahk bored this is not da online weqs desert amad this feeling nothing can be invited chat astagfirulloh agin night really cool emoticon facebook smile frown tongue P grin d gasp o wink glasses 8 sunglasses 8 grumpy unsure cry 'devil 3 angel O kiss heart 3 kiki squint confused o O upset O pacman v curly lips 3 robot Chris Putnam putnam Shark Penguin rainy morning shit maker pale shit fuck good night all Faqih Chaerul Rachman your dog ye noisy you sene tod good at 9 o'clock Ngak may sport two weeks dizzy happy birthday brother sarah yay owwwwwww Wwww yay battle has finished slamat noon world gilalo mir yay hoho hmmmmmm laugh hmmmmmmm must learn all out soon war the same book notebook pencil grrrrrr wow yay Hi all my frieds I just want to introduce a kind of American Football at Florida State University to you all My Dad and Mom are very happy to watch this video to enjoy your previous study at graduate program ata