likes the sound of thunder.
is so sleepy it's not even funny that's she can't get to sleep.
is sore and wants the knot of muscles at the base of her neck to stop hurting. On the other hand, YAY I'M IN ILLINOIS! <3
likes how the day sounds in this new song.
is home. <3
www.thejokerblogs.com
saw a nun zombie, and liked it. Also, *PROPNAME* + Tentacle!Man + Psychic Powers = GREAT Party.
is in Kentucky. 421 miles into her 1100 mile journey home.
was about to finish a digital painting before her tablet went haywire. Is now contemplating the many ways she wishes to exact her revenge on faulty technology.
is celebrating her new haircut by listening to swinger music and generally looking like a doofus.
has a crush on the Green Lantern.
has magic on the brain.
saw Transformers, Up, and Year One this week. Good movie overload. :D
Who wants to meet up on schedule pick-up day at Oviedo?
desires the thrill of inspiration. Also, money.
is going to bed at 9:30! Yeah!
is reading, admiring her permit, and occasionally glancing at her ner McDonald's uniform.
thinks intangibility should be an option in reality settings.
is tired. *PROPNAME*, let me go to sleep pl0x.
is discovering the many flavors of insomnia.
is watching cousin play computer game on televison box thing. Also, sleepy.
Why is it I'm only getting the urge to draw when I have stuff to do for school? D
Who'da thought a single text message could be enough to change my mind?
wishes to develop a super power that prevents her from needing to sleep.
TELL ME WHAT TO DRAW, PLOX.
found a bunny, bunny died, buried bunny, now is drawing.
<3
is just about insane by now.
wants to sleep eight hours tonight. And so she shall.
really hates hormones and emotions right now. Well, has hated them a lot recently. Goodness.
has a watch that matches her glasses. She wishes she hadn't spazzed with glee when she saw it in the store.
loved 9! Allegory, symbolism, talking ragdolls, satire, and explosions! Yes!
can't sit on her futon because she knows as soon as she does she'll lie down and pass out. Uncomfortable rolly desk chair it is. :(
should spend less time writing chapters for the story she'll never finish, and try reading more books. Preferably, during the daytime, and not at 3:00 AM.
is watching kid's cartoons and wishing she weren't so old.
has work tomorrow, and hopes they teach her how to use the cash register. :D
is grateful she did most of her work during her wait for a ride home this afternoon and then during the Open House. Sleeeep, she beckons.
has a really confusing internal dilemma. She also wonders if anyone can guess what it is.
thinks she needs to stop leaving so many pictures half-done before getting new ideas.
has grown weary of drawing her paranoid, soldier//housewife Jynx character in comic form, and must thusly go to sleep to replenish her desire to work tirelessly on a mere audition.
is seeing 9 tonight... maybe?
is going to work on comics, then crash into her futon with all the love unconsciousness deserves.
WEEKEND. I LOVE YOU.
is listening to Relient K and thinking about plants, lawyers, and internships.
is drawing instead of homeworking. :| This is fun, but not good.
will sleep like a champion tonight.
dishes, webcomics, laziness, internal lack of disruption. Alright.
wishes she weren't ticklish sometimes. Right now, though, is not one of those times. :)
has a magical ceiling.
went to bed early, slept in, and still feels like she hasn'tgotten a proper night's sleep.
got taught how to use the register (<3!!!~), enjoyed (500) Days of Summer, and is looking forward to going to the beach Monday.
hates FML on principle.
realizes traditional media hate her and has shunned her penvcils in favor of the tablet. That'll learn 'em.
was all prepared to do her weekend homeowrk the morning it was due, but realized she left the necessary binder at school. FFFFFFFFFFFFF-
has early work blargedy-argdey-blah. Minimuuum waaaage, I looove youuu.
Far away // This ship has taken me so far away... Goshdarnit, Muse, stop being so awesome.
is a little excited to see the talent show.
is tired. She would sleep, but there's a cat on her desk that requires supervision.
I don't hate you.// Well, you found me. Congratulations. Was it worth it?// The only thing you've managed to break so far is my heart.// This isn't brave. It's murder.// What did I ever do to you?// You don't care, do you.// Please proceed to Andorid Hell.
needs a stupid, fluffy book to read inbetween experiences of normalcy.
will be up very late so she can ride with her dad to the airport to pick up her mamacita from a (as of now) 11:20 PM landing in from Illinois.
IS IN COMPLETE LOVE WITH THE BLACKBERRY HER MOM JUST SURPRISED HER WITH. AND YES. SHE IS SO EXCITED, THAT CAPS ARE COMPLETELY NECESSARY. <3 <3 <3 <3 <3<3
is looking forward to early January. Not the birthday per se, but the potential to meet a good friend. :)
needs to stop listening to her normal playlist if she wants to stop waking up feeling like she's missed something big.
spews toxic gas into your personal air bubble. It's super effective!
has a comfortably comfy and mildly oversized cotton jacket from Wal*Mart. Yay, it's so soft. <3 <3 <3
thinks Oviedo play was awesome (as it should be. Sleep, though-- she beckons sweetly with the promise of dreams and pillow-related comfort. Night all.
just made a nucketful of cookies and a bunch of baked fries. :) Yes, I am awesome.
has made more cookies, as well as a bunch of croissants for breakfast and piggies in various blankets for tomorrow afternoon. Despite the late//early hour, this is only further awesomeness.
has a fair idea of how to manage the 2.5 kids cliche... She just needs a very strong gentleman named *PROPNAME* and thriteen wet napkins.
saw Up. Also saw two Chuck Norris movies. FFFFFFFFFFFF- WEIRDEST MIX EVER.
has an Autobot lunchbox, and can therefore die happy now. :) In other news, she has also spent the last three hours on an off reading a webcomic that started in 1999.
, in the post office, with the long-overdue copy of Photoshop for a friend. I win at the game of Clue.
Clakclakclak rawrrrrr mel haxxxxxx RWRRRRRRRR LOLZLOLZLOLZLOLZ IM SO HOOD PUNK STOOPID YO
We are not who you think we are. We are Golden.
I am a lumberjack with a Castro Hat.
The day you wake up and realize you've just slept twelve hours and still want to sleep some more is the day you need to get back on a regular sleeping schedule.
actually doesn't mind coloring with markers as much as she thought. Yay for coloring vividly creepy villainesses! :D
thinks maybe singing along with the radio during most of the eight-hour ride home didn't help her throat//cough//chestcold thingvery much.
drove to a gas station. Number of times sent into a panic behind the wheel: 6. I hate 40 mph zones. D
A Great New Year to everybody. :) <3 Make the best of everything you see, and never let the bad stuff keep you down for long!
has 48 hours to do pretty much all her break work, clean her room, do the dishes, rearrange the furniture in her room, and practive drop spins maybe a dozen more times. XD Why not, right?
is open to requests.
is frankly at a loss as far as her current internal project.
is gonna stay awake all night. Then I should be able to just pass out at 9 PM tomorrow (today).
can't sleep. Remedies?
Why are the people I want to talk to never online when I am?
needs to stop stressing over her personal stuff. Homework beckons with a bejeweled, smirking claw, and I must answer, tethered by iron to the responsibilities of real life.
is in love with her hair today. <3
was right. :) Today was pretty much fantastic, all around.
feels tomorrow will be a busy and very nice day. :)
is in the last day of her two-day mad dash to finish. Can she get all her work done it time???
Is it a problem if my main reason to come to Facebook now is to join groups and become a fan of things?
had a three hour nap this afternoon and can't sleep because of it.
My dogs are so hood.
is on a roll
can't breathe and feels like her insides are clawing their way out through her belly button. I hate pain.
is reflecting on it and is actually very happy she's not in IB right now.
has her class ring in with it's changes! Whoop whoop! <3 :D
KISS. KISS. LICK. <3
is too lazy to put her stuff back in order. Maybe tomorrow.
has a serious crush on *PROPNAME*. <3#SEPARATOR#has bed bugs..... ewwwww!
and mosquito bites
Mondays are the new thursdays- anthony bourdain + *PROPNAME*  = forgetting your financial troubles
is annoyed with herself
is not turning on her cell at the moment, or for the next few days- dont take it personally.
Is trying to figure out everything.....
wants no more friend or exboyfriend drama drama
is out for the count
Its the little things in life- fresh flowers, katie ion, netflix instant movies
is bummed the instant movie didnt pull through
wants to go to paris. anyone care to accompany me?
one minute at a time
Loves avoiding burning a whole in her pocket. Lesportsac purses and DVD overload.
really hates California's economy right now
I lost.....my ex is in a relationship before me
Is having a great day so far, thanks to santa paula noon meetings. and my mom.
is *PROPNAME*'s bestbian
misses the ability to drive
Mi familia de la cuidad de mexico esta aqui! Necesito que practicar mi espanol.
Is wearing red lipstick, watching movies, hot boys, and her mother screech at the family dog..... "random" doesnt even begin to describe this scene
anthony bourdain bliss
Turbo tax tried charging me $140 dollars to process my taxes. my mom did it for free. fuck you turbo tax and thanks mom for saving the day.
is on her way up north to face her judgement
Target is my savior- sandals, dresses and shirts, oh my!
is slightly smitten with the phoenix family. its weird, i know.
is hoping to finally get a break tomorrow!
rhinanna is just getting crazier and crazier. or more stupid.
feels like a bum without legs
Having a job again is weird, but welcome.
is 3 years to go
s electronics are giving out.
is celebrating her 90th day with dieting and work whahooo! not.
is in love with her new black peacoat. Who else is pumped it's fall?
is sick in an way she's never been physically sick before. feels like a hangover mixed with the flu mixed with weakness and nausea
hates the business that is the United States' healthcare system
thinks Rhianna's Italian Vogue photoshoot is in bad taste and inappropriate. yuck.
is excited for NBC thursdays- especially excited for community
is in love with *PROPNAME*.
"La Vie En Rose"- there are no words. Absolutely brilliant, honest, and beautiful movie.
is flashing lights kanye style
i got a break! a $3000 healthcare break! whoooooo
is actually going to see someone besides my mother on my day off. No offense mom. U r fabulous but im turning into a 13-year-old not-out-of-the-closet-yet gay man by the amount of time i spend with you.
ARGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!
true blood is getting me in the halloween spirit. damn, bill is hot.
michael scott dancing in the booze cruise episode is really entertaining to me right now.
the office, cleaning, and hanging con mi madre are my drugs of choice this evening
RIP Prague nights Fall semester 2007
needs a hot hair cut. anyone know where i can get a fierce one for under 50 in vc?
wants to know when she became a single 35-year-old lady. Tonight I visited a dating site and watched "accidentally on purpose" and felt for the characters. seriously?!
is ready for her day off
life is looking up
is excited to kick it old school with an old friend in a new place
why does netflix need me to have at least 6 dvds in my queue? i think 5 is quite enough, thank you gluttonous 'merica.
is rediscovering her love for bjork
money, teeth cleaning, g-ma's, bus, top secret errand, target, rodarte dress for $40(!!!), some warm and comfy- themed xmas shopping, spending time with mom, coffee, sephora.com, the office, stepping outside and forgetting how cold it gets without proper coverage- productive and selfindulgent bliss. not a bad day off.
wants to find a way to san fran after the new year
is in love. With *PROPNAME*.
is going to start using disposable cameras again- she agrees with stephanie that the anticipation of not knowing what will show up is very missed
thank you to everyone who sent me fb love and made my birthday more special than i could ever have imagined. im sooooooo lucky to have so many great souls in my life.
is very excite for today and this weekend.
its a beautiful fall day in southern california.
s g-ma is the coolest
wishes she was moving on up in the world. but at least she has ja'mie to get her through it.
Today is my 2 month birthday!
intervention- heroine and xanax and crack- oh my.
is having a bad day. not even target, shoes, nor a good guacamole carls jr. burger could bring me up.
summer heights high. ja'mie, jonah, and mr. g. im hooked on chris lilley.
Um, amy poehler is rocking my world right now. seriously, the bad date rant was HYSTERICAL. tivo that shit. and by that shit, i mean parks and recreation.
Ten Movies to Watch Right Now (and some you can Instant Netflix) 1. La Vie En Rose 2. Shrink (if you love LA) 3. Paris Je'taime (if you love Paris) 3. Clay Pidgeons (*PROPNAME* is priceless) 4. Quills 5. Away We Go 6. Sunshine Cleaning 7. A League of Their Own 8. Smart People (I Heart *PROPNAME*'s Page and SJP) 9. Frost//Nixon 10. Doubt#SEPARATOR#is stuck on Band-Aid brand, cuz Band-Aid's stuck on me!
Just going to grab some raw fish................
saw HP6... funny, lots of awesome awkward silences, but the scriptwriter needs to have his fingers broken. Not only did they achieve new and improved levels of editing important plot elements out, but they are getting increasingly more creative with the n
Need to re-learn my patterns again... awesome...
FREE SLURPEE DAY!!!
has GOT to stop waking up at 1pm...
is not feeling exactly top-notch...
will have too many notifications at the next log in...
First day of school done! finances are going to be the end of me...
is tired and for some reason is looking forward to classes starting...
2 months of hell yet again... FML
got to play with fire in front of a crowd... YAY!!!
is in love with Ren Fest...
3 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a great day!!!
loves the Pirate English version of Facebook!!!
has a choice...
2 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ren Fest with rain - Still good!!!
kindly thanks everyone who wished him a happy birthday!
finance class :(
GETS TO SLEEP TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!
3 HOURS LEFT!!!!!!!!!!
As much as I like our family's mechanic, I really wish we'd stop giving him so much business... :(
is dying!!! HEEEEELPPPPP!!!!!
Saturday was easily one of the best days of my entire LIFE!!!
feeling slightly better...
I've done it - i procrastinated enough by playing Bejeweled Blitz to cause it to go offline. MLIA
is potentially going to be pulling an all-nighter. feel free to txt to keep me entertained//awake...
:))))))))
finally caught up on sleep :D now off to rake more leaves and then lose sleep yet again while studying accounting - call me if ur bored, i'll be up late...
ATTENTION EVERYONE!!! Vote for the short "AFTER HOURS" to support *PROPNAME* - our local Michigan talent and a wonderful person. Repost please!!! http:////www.thirteen.org//sites//reel13//category//vote//
is looking forward to eating his body weight tomorrow :)
Yesterday after school, I got bored and decided to go into the backyard and play with my slingshot. I didn't have any ammo, so I just used peanuts and shot them at trees. I decided to shoot at one really far away. Out of nowhere, a squirrel leaped out of a tree, intercepted the peanut, landed on another tree, ate the peanut, gave me what looked like a thumbs-up, and ran away. Ninja squirrel, you amaze me. MLIA.
would love to sleep, but *PROPNAME* writes too damn well!!!
is rather looking forward to the holidays because of his potential whereabouts during that...
gets overly excited when pressing the wrong buttons on the keyboard causes the discovery of a new shortcut :)
considers himself to be one of the luckiest men EVER!!! ^_^
WOW!!! I just spent 20 minutes reading just this one strip... http:////xkcd.com//657//
can't handle reading any more crap about Barbies and other competing brand dolls!!! This is ridiculous - the only thing making me feel a little more manly is the beer in my hand...
acquired 6 brothers and sisters today...
4 school days left until winter break!!! YAY!!!
will probably be up all night - feel free to txt or chat...
LMAO: (512): you kept spraying the cat with water and then telling it to "man up" when it cried
listening to some VERY odd combinations of music and blames the late hour for it...
wishes it was December 17th sooner :(
cannot wait to pass out - too bad that's not gonna happen til friday night...
gonna be at the library til late, then at the Prez's house even later. txt or facebook if need anything - call if being killed...
well.... expected returns are like "oh, it's just you..." but unexpected returns are like "WHOA!!!"
can't believe how much food and beverages were consumed last night...
SNOW!!!
stupid people are stupid and Beverly Hills Police is at it's best as usual... ( *PROPNAME* needs to call me!!!)
EPIC:  Today while walking on campus I saw three people riding a motorized couch.  Random?  MLIA.
is excited for relaxing a little bit tonight :)
got home today. Up north was GREAT!!!
can't wait til thursday... <3
Happy New Year, Facebook denizens!!!
apparently the mysterious "*PROPNAME*", who allegedly works for my company decided to order more stuff for me from some office supply company. I'm supposed to get 4 more packages tomorrow... hmmmm.... i almost have enough to build an epic fort!!!
MLIG!!!
can't wait til thursday again... <3
being fancy is fun...
OMG!!! THE SUN IS TOOOO LOUD!!!!!!!!
second half of the day got snowed in - gonna take a nap and then be productive :)
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for? p.s. Thank you to everyone who could make it out to Novi to watch me test or to celebrate at the banquet afterward - it really means a lot to me.
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for?#SEPARATOR#Back from vacation and tired
Its a good night for fishing.
Damn close game on Monday. My Dolphins almost pulled it off!
It was a close one! But a W is a W, GO DOLPHINS!
Sick as shit.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!! Thank a veteran dammit!
How about thems steelers?
Done with Finals
Passed the PRAXIS
Nicel little test for *PROPNAME*!! Way to show them *PROPNAME* how to play PRO football!!#SEPARATOR#had a great day at church...
so not a day for work... good thing I'm working nights this week... :D
transformers watched....
is living life one day at a time
just watched an episode of locked up abroad... dont take your freedom for granted people... its a blessing...
is going to die to self
is happy for his gf. Congrats babe, I knew you could do it!!
In contemplation mode...
Jesus said to love others as you love yourself... So FIRST you have to love yourself!!
is trying to fight it off
is doing to die to self...
had a great weekend with her... we have to do that again babe...
is kinda having a rough morning... but its looking up...
is worn and battle weary... but i refuse to give up...
Today is another day. You dont get better by making a right choice once. You get better by making the right choice... everyday... over and over again...
is learning... constantly
first time in a long time... I feel like writing...
is at an interesting stage in his life...
is sick.
is...
is etching closer to becoming stir crazy..
is back home... sleepy but cant sleep just yet...
needs to tie up loose ends...
is going to sleep... soon
has had an interesting start to saturday
is transitioning
had a great night
is going to spend some time with her...
has tied up one loose end... feels lighter already
is still patiently waiting for 9
bye fb
is sick
After a slight rebuild... Betsy 2.0 lives to surf the net again!!
Merry Christmas people!!!
feels loved and appreciated...
had a wonderful night with family and friends... the night cap was wonderful though... WEEEEE!! I got my shirt!!!
is celebrating with her...
Celebrating 1 year...
is smiling
There can be no complaints from the Arsenal fans about today's results... wunna get wash off...#SEPARATOR#I have no excuses, least of all for God.  Like all tyrants, he is not worthy of the spit you would waste on negotiations.  The deal we have is infinitely simpler--i don't call him to account, and he extends me the same courtesy...
Back
Rip open the diseased heart of a corporation and what spills out? -On people
You're wicked overseer
"Keep government away from my medicare!"  As good a summary of American politics as one is likely to get these days.
Turn your lamp down low.
HOLY. FUCK. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=yPJgZd7fRPs
"What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?" "Dr. Dre?" "Fuck you, Carl."
"We operate by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate."
The only fear I have, Is my failure to adhear his path
That, ladies and gentlemen, was a season opener.
Things that are irritating: Microsoft excel.
The best way to describe *PROPNAME* is as an IRL troll.
Record so hard it broke the needle.
Even when it's free it ain't cheap.
"I find it absolutely appalling that anyone could believe that political affiliation would be used to determine who receives medical treatment. That's what race and socioeconomic standing are for."
Thanks folks.
What the fuck, Steelers?
In other news, the Steelers 4th quarter is the most depressing thing of all time.
Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of congress. But I repeat myself.
Bush was a symptom, not a cause.
The bridge is over?
Fuckin' *PROPNAME*
Speech is my hammer
[The "liberal media"] love to be denounced from the right, and the right loves to denounce them, because that makes them look like courageous defenders of freedom and independence while, in fact, they are imposing all of the presuppositions of the propaganda system.-Chomsky
Stop the violence and start the revolution-Talib
When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint.  When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.-*PROPNAME*
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
What I didn't want: more characters on Heroes.
And until peoples learn to spot the fanning of mass emotions and the sowing of bitterness, suspicion, and intolerance as crimes in themselves - as perhaps the greatest disservice that can be done to the cause of popular government - this sort of thing will continue to occur.
Thank you, *PROPNAME*, for still being on the ballot so that stupid people could vote for you.
"How impious is the title of sacred majesty applied to a worm, who in the midst of his splendor is crumbling into dust!"-*PROPNAME*.  They don't make writers like they used to.
"Fuck you, dolphin!"
YANKEES WOOOO
"Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants
Steelers!
"Britain's desire to be a big player on the world stage has delivered huge benefits including being dragged into a series of catastrophic wars with America's throbbing tumescence lodged firmly at the back of our throat, while at the same time being unable to afford decent roads, railways, schools and hospitals. It's what we call a 'win-win'."
My fucking computer got a virus.  Incredible.
I have to quit drinking diet coke.  Much sadness and headaches.
All aboard the U.S.S. Rational Basis.
Restoration! or, why LTS is incredible.
Why do you insist that the human genetic code is "sacred" or "taboo"? It is a chemical process and nothing more. For that matter -we- are chemical processes and nothing more. If you deny yourself a useful tool simply because it reminds you uncomfortably of your mortality, you have uselessly and pointlessly crippled yourself. Chairman *PROPNAME*, "Looking God in the Eye"
Spit so hard that it oughta be a crime
Spit it so hard it oughta be a crime.
Fucking *PROPNAME*.
The mind of a child is where the revolution begins.
Kansas City Chiefs over Pittsburgh Steelers, 27-24.  Disgrace.
I found my actual WEP key!!!!
Classes over!  Home in a week.
FUCK. YES.
"We're supposed to call it H1N1." "I refuse to back down to pig farmers.  Not today, not ever."
Kill them all.  God will recognize his own.-*PROPNAME*
Face the facts. Then act on them. It's the only mantra I know, the only doctrine I have to offer you, and it's harder than you'd think, because I swear humans seem hardwired to do anything but. Face the facts. Don't pray, don't wish, don't buy into centuries-old dogma and dead rhetoric. Don't give in to your conditioning or your visions or your fucked-up sense of... whatever. FACE THE FACTS. THEN act.
Stability means we run it. There are countries that are very stable. Cuba is stable, but that's not called stability.
Avatar: Best Picture
WOW New Orleans.
Now bamboo thinks it's wood, and that pisses me off.
I PASSED STATS MOTHERFUCKER!!!!
Hey, it actually is December.
And then, I got food poisoning.
Show me a completely smooth operation and I'll show you a cover up. Real boats rock. -*PROPNAME*
If I see another king, I think I shall bite him.-*PROPNAME*.
Rule of the Great:    When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep thoughts, they are probably thinking about lunch.
"We rule by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate."
"Libertarianism is just anarchism for rich people."
Progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things.-Heinlein
"No one lets charms in the vehicle in the entire United States Marine Corps."
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*.
I didn't know this, but *PROPNAME* is apparently a Hebrew name that means "The Lord Remembers," which is basically incredible.
LET'S GO LIONS
*PROPNAME* was ejected from the New York State Senate, which is good, because he slashed his girlfriend with a knife.
Good work, Golden Globes.
It's the prophet versus them profits all the time.#SEPARATOR#Four day camping trip!!! Holy Crap! this is going to be fun...
How do i change my name??
things just got really complicated
Im back and sunburned bad... ill just have to live with it i guess.
bored to tears... well not literally but... im still bored!
Whats on MY mind........ well hopefully the top of my head.....
happy fourth everyone
is still doing nothing all summer
The first day of school was SSLOOOOOWW...... hopefuly it will get better as the year gos on
FOOTBALL!!!!! first scrimmage today! its gonna be awesome!!!
I think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running and even better if the get tired first!
I think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running... and its even better if they get tired first!
What can one do when one is bored?
Can't wait for fair bowl!
We won 35 to 34! Close but still a win!!!
Haha! You can't say im a bored person all the time..... i had a great weekend!
Im so boreded again.......
having fun at school....... hmmm....... nvm
its snowing this morning........                  is that supposed to happen??
Can't wait for friday! (football game)
liked the greenhand conference and enjoyed watching volleyball woop butt today.....
Im so bored!!!
is awesomely cool!!!
Homecoming was awesome! i loved getting that tackle!! i wanna play again.....
im so bored today..... im always bored... i dont know why... hmmm
How do I change my FACEBOOK user name
Cant wait for Friday!
there were some scary people today... *whispers (opposite sex day)*
What a great life i have... first my nose... now my fricken hand!
UGH! another game lost..... We need to work as a team!
Basketball is fun but we've lost two games and won two
lost another game... but Dang!! was it close
new status time... now what should i put... oh well
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x This should be interesting.
AH! i hate being sick..... now i have to go to school tomorrow..... (hate that to)
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x This should be interesting.
Dragons ignored human names when they didnt't like the bearer.#SEPARATOR#fie! Time, Inc. has blocked gchat... does this mean I have to be productive now?
is in search of the perfect margarita... :)
I was sitting at LaGuardia, wondering why my flight was delayed, and then I saw on the TV that there had been a bomb threat and evacuation earlier today... lucky meeee
do i have to take out my nose ring and join the corporate world?
just spent the last hour looking at photos from junior abroad in london, and is dying to go back
hmmm i better not fail my pass//fail...
is struggling :( :( :( :( :(
ewww 33" of snow... apparently the most at one time since 1969!
LAW SCHOOL IS TOO HARD!
thanks everyone, but i decided to get younger this year... :)#SEPARATOR#is at work! >.<
hopes that transformers isn't sold out!
is going to the mellow mushroom after work at 8.
must be insane for starting a twitter account
Hates *PROPNAME* for starting her on this damn farm town app.  You all must stert playing now and give me gifts! And mafia wars too. FML I'm a loser.
la la la la!
Hello, to high and dry.
is in the Bluff!
loves the gorilla face!
This is my face Covered in freckles With the occasional spot and some veins This is my body Covered in skin And not all of it you can see And, this, is my mind It goes over and over The same old lines And, this, is my brain It's torturous analytical thoug
*PROPNAME* comes back tonight!!! YAAAAAYYYY!!!!!!
is ready for school to start back... summer sucks when you aren't actually on vacation
realizes that she has friends on Facebook that she doesn't remember how she met... is that wrong? Discuss:
is reading Master and Fool, the convoluted finally to The Book of Words trillogy, in between playing stupid facebook apps... Such a Nerd. >.<
is creating a LinkedIn account, as if she didn't already have too many networking accounts to keep track of!
I, I'm thinking it's a sign That the freckles in our eyes Are mirror images, and when we kiss They're perfectly aligned And I have to speculate That God himself did make Us into corresponding shapes Like puzzle pieces from the clay
is at work... yay.
thinks she will keep this as her profile pic until those tan lines fade, if that ever happens.
is stressed... but has great tickets for the game! row 1 baby! Woot!
got a jersy from *PROPNAME*, a clean car from her mother, and a free portfolio from her sister! Not too shabby for the unexciting 22nd birthday. :D Thank you everyone!
dealing with crazy people all day... A&A ppl: don't forget the lecture tonight! Not sure what it is about though... :P
>.<
absolutely hates AutoCAD.  Why am I still in architecture?
Come on UT: We need a touchdown!
is blah blah blah....but... TGIF!!! Happy weekend everyone!!!
GODDAMNIT!!!! FUCK YOU LINCOLN!!! Kick HIGHER! And the guy took off his helmit! We should have had a re-kick! What BS is this? AAAARRRRG!!!!!!
I just realized that the song "All I wanna do is make love to you" by Heart is about a woman picking up a stranger and seducing him in order to get a child... Wha?
GAAAARRRG!!!
would like to bash her head against a concrete wall.
will be in knoxville for break. >.<'
a
will post some Halloween pictures... eventually.
has come to the realization that I hate Architecture. Hate it. Integrations is the worst experience ever. I'll be happy passing with a C.
hopes to have her drawings finished in exactly one week from now... let's see how THAT works out...
...?
is inactive.
is upset.  *PROPNAME* ditched our appointment I made, after I waited in the office for about an hour, and now I'll probably never get to talk to her.  I wish she'd actually do her job in stead of taking 5 hour lunch breaks then leaving early.... Bitch.
is hungry.
needs to suck it up.
Due to a lack of anyone being interested in my life updates, I will write here and delude myself that someone wiill read it later and actually care...  Got a new phone yesterday: a Palm treo.  Had to pay $30 a mo extra to use it, but now I'll be able to use the interwebz while in White Bluff.  30 dollars is a fair price to put on cabin fever prevention. Maybe I should Tweet this too. :P
*PROPNAME* made it up to me today... after I waited for her for a half hour past our appointment time. Sheesh. But *PROPNAME* was awesome enough to let me have some hot chocolate :)
is in Knoxilla for a few days. Trying to get this Germany thing settled. Still. Garg!
just got skype. name: ljacocke#SEPARATOR#On her way to NOLA!
Studying is cramping my style...
Everyone should listen to Funhouse...best record I've heard in a long time!
Wishing the lovely *PROPNAME* a Happy Birthday!
Will be working for OCB two months from now! I cannot wait!
Cannot believe the court is allowing the press to publish photos of MJ's kids....
moving back to NOLA on the first...so little time
Wishing all of her friend the best of luck on the Louisian Bar Exam!
The Law Graduates Prayer: God...if it's not too much to ask... May I pass the bar?
Excited to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* tonight, run *PROPNAME*, and see the weight fall off my butt!
At Rue
Counting down the days till NOLA!
Had an awesome fourth of July
5 days, until I leave Waco FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally going to get the car washed tomorrow!
Scared of PC III and the bar...
hopin and prayin
Cannot believe it is Wednesday already!
Never getting gas before work again...
Hoping to get out of her driveway.
Cannot wait to see *PROPNAME* today!
It's a hershey's day
WHO 'DAT!
Takes home more from her monthly salary then she realized!
GE = finally recovering...thank you jesus!
working
Gettin ready for tommorrow!
Getting her Bar application together...yes, it's that time of year again!
is going on a deposition, my first real one with OCB!
Most disgusting statistic I've ever heard: AVG NYC Model = 5'10, 110lbs....
Stuyding for the MPRE!
is a busy bee
Had a great time seeing everyone at OCB today!
Excited to see that every stock in her portfolio outperformed market expectations!
Torture= watching *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* stock the pantry 15 minutes after I decide to get serious about this diet...
icky feeling = gone. Back to prancing through the office with a smile, and my usual excessive energy//need for adventure!
a very happy girl!
Rain is ruining my plans...
best boss's lunch ever!
phone = dead
Apparently applied to law school at Depaul today...at least that's what they tell me...
Only 9 more pounds... why won't they go away?
In our personal and professional lives, we are constantly hit with one adversity after the other, most of which we have no control over. But the four things we have total control over is how we react, how we adapt, how we breathe and how we take action.
The only people who are more entertaining then rappers are wannabe rappers. (See *PROPNAME*)
***Attention-Houston area ANIMAL LOVERS! Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. Please re-post.***
Is looking to join junior league of New Orleans, anybody know who to contact?
Thanking everyone for all the birthday love. Now, how 'bout them saints!? I am in need of a place//people to watch with tonight... any takers?
Exact words when renewing DL: Me: Oh no, you can't take my license, It's my 25th b-day. How am I going to get into the bar? DMV: We gonna give you a new one over there Me: But, it won't have my picture and stuff on it.  Dmv:  Hold up, we can take a picture of your picture and put it on a license i think. (yelling at co-worker to see if this can be done) Yup! Me: So, I can go to the bar?! Dmv: (sigh) Yeah girl!
is believing the best in others, because the Dove candy wrapper says so, betch!
Anyone know a good place for me to kennel my dog for thanksgiving// willing to dogsit?
Congratulations to all of my friends, especially *PROPNAME*, who passed the Lousiana bar, and for those of you who didn't, I'll be taking Barbri this february...so we can study together like old times!
Thanksgiving!
Rather enjoying her last day as a 24 year old
Enjoying this beautiful Sunday in Audubon park!
Swearing in!
Studying for the bar, please pray for me
bar...
Cheese fries!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Getting ready for NYC
Happy New Year!
Studying for the bar, less then 1 month!
Must find time to go XMAS Shopping...ahhh!
white
Apt = clean.  Now, coffee and Barbri!
Q: Will *PROPNAME* be going to Miami to watch the saints win the superbowl?  A: No, No she will not, she will be parked in her room studying for the bar exam...who's idea was it to move the test up two weeks?  hmmm....hmmmm... fml :(
Seems to be attracting incompetence today...
Going to *PROPNAME* to take down the LA bar and hoping she doesn't become a bad statistic!
Who 'dat!
Geaux Saints!